## Job Description

We are seeking a Chief Operating Officer with a proven track record to lead
and coordinate the efforts of all our teams, as well as be the reporting and
being the execution bridge between all key stakeholders and teams that drive
our business, including global operations, marketing, engineering, Meta
studios and more to join our executive team (Working with the CEO directly)
The COO is a blockchain, crypto and gaming enthusiast, and a -get it done-
operations fanatic with previous experience in Management and Crypto-based
knowledge (i.e. NFT, Gaming, ICO experience, Token knowledge etc.) The COO
will oversee the structuring of the company, team coordination with our
marketing and developing partners, a seamless flow of information, legal and
financial compliance and a healthy culture. Success in this role is about the
management of the day in day out tasks, and the flowing with the rhythm of the
team and company progressions. **Responsibilitiies:** Manage and direct all
daily operations and business units (Operations, Marketing, Engineering, BD,
HR, etc), while implementing new policies and processes to effectively
mitigate key business risks and keep all teams performing at accelerated
levels Set comprehensive OKRs for performance and growth for both teams and
individuals Handle regular reporting to CEO Employ various initiatives to
coach employees, optimize their performance and grow the management team’s
capabilities Spearhead strategies and cross-functional projects that steer the
company’s future in a positive direction for regulatory compliance, user-
centric growth and operation efficiency Understand the company's products and
users through data, formulate improvement plans, activate or expand user
growth channels, and promote user growth and activity Participate in expansion
activities **Requirement** Atleast 5 years experience in a similar role
Experienced & Efficient in management, scaling and operating projects
Knowledgeable of Crypto/Blockchain and ICOs and have a very strong passion for
the potential of Blockchain. Adaptable: Able to work with a fast paced
industry and create order in the midst of volatility. A lover of processes and
organization, but also have a practical side. Attentive to detail and have
prioritization skills, where you can execute when you notice things aren’t
right.

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Operations Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/operations), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

