## Job Description

 **About the Role:**

As the Chief Marketing Officer, you will be a part of the Leadership Team
responsible for reshaping the narrative in the blockchain space. We are
looking for a seasoned and innovative marketer with a passion for building
companies that aspire to move the industry forward. You will help shape key
priorities for ForceField’s portfolio companies growth - forming growth
strategies, executing projects, and mobilizing our organization to meet those
objectives.

The Growth Director, will set and own the new customer acquisition number
within the portfolio companies budget, and be responsible for the team, the
media budget, and the end-to-end strategy of all new customer acquisition
activities. You will manage (including hiring and training) a best-in-class
channel management team to drive marketing strategy, creative development,
budget and planning, execution, analysis, optimization, and growth across a
broad set of media channels, including but not limited to display, social,
search, radio, podcast, influencer, TV.

**Responsibilities:**

As the Chief Marketing Officer:

  * Lead and own the acquisition marketing strategy and multi-million dollar budget for the direct to consumer business, including setting the S&OP new customer forecast and media budget
  * Make hiring, training, & team expansion decisions, including how many people we need at what level, who owns what channels, how often they swap channels, etc.
  * Define the roadmap and OKRs for acquisition holistically, and for each channel working with a team of direct reports
  * Own our channel reporting, attribution modeling, and CPA goal setting to achieve desired IRRs
  * Provide visibility throughout the organization on the health and status of acquisition programs, including weekly recap reports, guidance on volume relative to plan, monthly growth analytics meeting prep and reporting, creative learning sharing, create test launches, etc. 
  * Provide guidance for the team, and run the weekly acq. team meeting, creative prioritization meetings, and ideation/brainstorming sessions. Support acquisition team members and continue to drive a culture of continual analysis, testing, experimentation and optimization. 
  * Set the standard for good channel management on the team, and personally manage some of our acquisition channels in a hands-on capacity.
  * Partner with agencies and other external partners, negotiating and working to get the most for our investment and building strong long-term relationships
  * Compile industry research, competitive landscape information, offline developments, new tools and incorporate them into ongoing channel management

**As a people manager:**

  * Make decisions on raises and compensation adjustments for the acquisition team
  * Setting expectations for the Channel Manager (CM) role. What is expected to do the CM job well, what decisions will they make vs you make, what level of engagement and visibility do you want, what meetings are needed for this
  * Frequent checking in on performance vs. expectations
  * Passing ownership of channels to CM, while staying accountable for results.

**This might describe you:**

  * Analytically critical thinker and a sharer with a deep desire to understand the consumer insight drivers behind the performance. Decisions are made based on data with significant experience running A/B tests. Values sharing and prioritizes sharing results of tests with the broader team.
  * 4-6 years of experience in direct response performance marketing, including both hands-on experience running both digital and offline channels
  * Ability to clearly structure work and communicate progress
  * Organized “doer” with an action-oriented mindset to take on tasks no matter how big or small
  * Proficient in Excel, PowerPoint, and SQL
  * General awesomeness, with a sense of humor and love of fun

**Who you will work with:**

  * This position reports to the CEO
  * You will work with a world-class group of teams at ForceField including Creative, Brand, Customer Insights, Web Product, Email, and the executive leadership team
  * External vendor/partner resources across various marketing channels

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Marketing Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/marketing), [Research Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Director Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/director), [Executive Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/executive), [Manager Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager), [Data Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Move Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/move), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote).

