## Job Description

Job Summary:

We are seeking a skilled C++ Security Auditor with expertise in blockchain
layer 1 development to join our team. The ideal candidate will have a strong
background in C++ programming language and blockchain protocol development,
with extensive experience in software development and security auditing. The
L1 Security Auditor will be responsible for conducting security audits of
blockchain layer 1 codebases and identifying potential vulnerabilities.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Conduct security audits of blockchain protocols codebases to identify vulnerabilities and potential security risks.

  * Communicate with developers and key stakeholders when identifying and handling security issues.

  * Implement internal tools for simplifying the audit process.

  * Keep up to date with the latest security vulnerabilities, exploits, and attack techniques related to blockchain protocols and adapt audit procedures accordingly.

  * Write reports detailing identified vulnerabilities and recommend remediation steps to development teams.

**Requirements:**

  * At least 2 years of C++ development.

  * At least 4 years in software development.

  * Strong understanding of C++ programming language and software development principles.

  * Knowledge of blockchain technology and layer 1 protocols, including consensus algorithms, smart contracts, and virtual machines.

  * Experience with security tools and techniques such as fuzz testing and static/dynamic analysis for blockchain networks.

  * Strong written and verbal communication skills, with the ability to write clear and concise reports and communicate complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders.

  * Knowledge of blockchain frameworks such as Substrate, Cosmos, etc is a plus

**Additional possibilities:**

  * Perform research regarding blockchain technologies.

  * Participate in community meet-ups and conferences

For comfortable and effective cooperation we offer:- Opportunity to influence
and feel your impact inside the company- Work in a progressive and cutting-
edge environment - Great opportunities for personal and career growth- Option
to get income in USDT- Paid vacation and sick leaves- Minimum bureaucracy,
maximum independence- Budget for conferences, seminars, and training that will
help you grow as a professional- Flexible working hours- Remote work.

If you are seeking a fulfilling job in a cutting-edge industry with the
opportunity to impact business and master your leadership skills, donâ€™t
hesitate to send your CV. Please, include the salary expectation with your
letter.

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Research Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Community Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/community), [Security Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/security), [Substrate Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/substrate), [Cosmos Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/cosmos), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

