## Job Description

Metatheory Inc. is a technology-driven entertainment company. With a focus on
blockchain, we build games, interactive multi-platform stories, and virtual
world experiences imagined across innovative story franchise IPs. We are a
remote-first dynamic team of builders, developers, and entrepreneurs that
include key founding members from Twitch, as well as Emmy and Peabody Award
winning producers and storytellers.Our flagship IP is DuskBreakers, an
eccentric, interactive sci-fi saga set in a post-apocalyptic world where a
mysterious alien ship (The Dusk) becomes a beacon of hope for humanity. The
franchise spans games, video, NFTs, and other media formats.We are looking for
a skilled and flexible Concept Artist who is excited to work closely with our
Art Director and other concept artists to help inspire our team and audience
with concept art for everything from game characters to world building and
cinematics. We're looking for a self-driven and dynamic candidate who can
thrive in a collaborative and iterative environment.

### Responsibilities

    * Generate ideational sketches, quickly communicating visual ideas
    * Create concept art for characters, creatures, environments, and objects to various levels of finish and time constraints 
    * Delivery of concepts, consistently meeting production deadlines
    * Collaborate with the Art Director and iterate on concepts for game and narrative teams

### Requirements

    * A portfolio that demonstrates a potential to meet industry standard level of art
    * You have an exceptional understanding of art design and a keen eye for form, shape, structure, lighting, color, composition, detail and silhouette when developing art
    * Exceptional understanding of human and creature anatomy
    * Experience of fulfilling production tasks and delivery of projects
    * Must be autonomous while working on set tasks from the schedule
    * Strong communication skills
    * High degree of self-motivation and initiative
    * Ability to work with direction and take constructive feedback

Candidates should be comfortable working in a remote, fast-paced, fluid, and
ever-changing startup environment with a globally distributed team. We are
currently remote first and will always embrace work from home culture,
although we may have some more offices in the future. Candidates should be
excited about the future potential of blockchain, but no prior experience is
required.Metatheory is committed to fair and equitable compensation for all of
our employees. The salary range for this role is $100,000-$120,000 annually
plus equity. Actual compensation packages are based on a variety of factors
such as job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and specific work
location.We were founded to challenge the ways that we all relate to games and
storytelling, and in doing so change how we relate to each other. As an equal
opportunity employer, we aim to create a culture of safety and belonging from
how we hire to how we build communities.Even if you do not meet all of the
qualifications listed above, but feel you could add a valuable perspective to
our organization, weâ€™d still love to hear from you!

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Director Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/director), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

