## Job Description

 **The Role**

As the our SEO Content Manager at Alchemy, you'll be responsible for designing
content to help establish Alchemy as the leading blockchain developer
platform.

The SEO Content Manager Content is a key member of the Alchemy growth team
that supports the scaling of audience-centric content across personas and
stages of the customer lifecycle.

Ultimately, this content will be used to drive organic top-of-funnel awareness
of Alchemy, and generate conversions for Alchemy’s suite of web3 developer
products and APIs.

You'll work cross-functionally with our world-class product, engineering,
design, and sales teams to drive the launch and adoption of products that
serve millions of users globally today.

Success in this role requires an excellent grasp of editorial best practices,
On-page SEO, Semantic SEO, team management, and content performance
measurement. Candidates should also possess a deep curiosity about web3. This
role is English-focused but requires collaborating with a global team to scale
content production across geos.

**Responsibilities:**

  * Scale Alchemy’s content operations workflow using project management tools
  * Oversee Alchemy’s content strategy and the production of content briefs
  * Hire, onboard, train, and assign work across a team of writers and editors
  * Prepare content for publication via browser-based content management systems (CMS)
  * Manage global editorial planning, scheduling, and publishing to meet deadlines
  * Manage content freshness and ensure content is regularly updated as necessary
  * Serve as a liaison to departments within Alchemy who need content support (e.g. Product)
  * Evangelize editorial processes and tools to support content team needs across Alchemy
  * Track content budgets and approve invoices for freelance writers, editors, and vendors

**What We're Looking For:**

We’re looking for candidates with 3+ years of experience:

  * Writing, editing, and content management experience in tech, marketing, comms, etc.
  * Writing and optimizing blogs for On-page SEO and Semantic SEO
  * Researching keywords, outlining briefs, and designing content strategies
  * Managing, planning, and shipping content calendars using tools like Airtable, etc.
  * Publishing with Content Management Systems; Webflow, Wordpress, etc.
  * Passion for web3 and the fast-growing crypto industry
  * An experienced SEO content manager who has a track record of results

**Additionally, the candidate must possess:**

  * The ability to juggle and prioritize multiple projects according to urgency and/or team needs
  * Outstanding organizational, interpersonal communication, and time-management abilities
  * Excellent communication, relationship-building, and cross-functional collaboration skills
  * The hustle and motivation to succeed in a fast-paced company in a high growth industry
  * The ability to make a ship deliverables and make a meaningful impact with autonomy
  * This role requires a blend of editorial, marketing, and operational experience

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Marketing Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/marketing), [Sales Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/sales), [Content Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Operations Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/operations), [Freelance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/freelance), [Developer Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Web3 Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Manager Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

