## Job Description

At Eco, we’re building the future of money. Our mission is to put people’s
money back to work for them — letting them see more upside from their money
than they do today.

We’ve created the Eco App, a digital wallet that replaces traditional banking
services with a single, simple balance, offering users up to 5% APY rewards on
their balance and 5% cash back at top merchants like Uber, Amazon, and more.
Features like Bill Pay allow our users to put their financial life on
autopilot. Even better, we reward every transaction with Eco Points, the
world's first open rewards currency, which will fundamentally upgrade
traditional money and reimagine how currency flows through the world. Although
it may not seem it on the surface, Eco is a crypto-enabled company — and Eco
Points will soon be so, too.

Eco is an ambitious company on a mission to make your money work better for
you. We need dreamers, doers, creators, and storytellers to help make this
vision a reality. If you’re motivated by working on complex and important
challenges that matter to everyone and want to be part of a world-class team,
come join us!

\--

As a part of the Eco team helping to build on these products, the Senior
Fullstack Engineer will help set technical goals and shepherd technical
excellence across the engineering organization. You will use your skills to
help strengthen our stack while also helping those around you succeed as well.
We are not a team built on individual heroics but rather succeed and fail
collectively as a team. Your expertise will help lay the foundation of new
services to help propel Eco into its next phase of growth. As Eco and our team
continue to grow there will be plenty of opportunities for mentorship and more
exposure to leadership opportunities.

**As a Senior Fullstack Engineer, you will:**

  * Be the first engineer on our web team driving our technical charter and financial product as we enter this new phase of growth at Eco
  * Integrate partner APIs and new client interfaces into our web application system to grow the range of financial products and services Eco offers 
  * Not be a cog in the machine! We’ll need you to take ownership and work autonomously on initiatives that will span across all facets of Eco
  * Participate in all product development phases from requirements gathering all the way up to release in production
  * Champion a remarkable user experience by supporting our user support team in debugging user-facing issues and delivering solutions (a responsibility we take very seriously, and share teamwide)

**We’re looking for you if:**

  * You have 5+ years of full-stack engineering experience
  * You develop with a focus on testability or for the purpose of performing automated tests
  * You possess a strong understanding of security and privacy. Preserving user trust is a high priority for you
  * You have proven a strong aptitude for learning new technologies with a good instinct for discovering defects
  * You learn fast, are collaborative by default, and have outstanding communication skills (especially written)

**Our Tech Stack:**

  * React/NextJSTypescript
  * NodeJS
  * NestJS
  * MongoDB
  * Redis

The target US base salary range for this full-time position is $170,000 -
$225,000, plus tokens, equity, and best-in-class benefits. Within this range,
individual pay is determined by a number of non-discriminatory factors such as
relevant skills and experience. At Eco, we take a geographically neutral
approach to compensation, meaning that we pay based on job function and level,
not location.

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Security Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/security), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [React Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/react), [Senior Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior).

