## Job Description

 **Accounts Payable Analyst**

**London, UK**

**The Company**

Parity is a core blockchain infrastructure company. We are building the future
of blockchain technology, with an open-source architecture that will enable
people to create better institutions through technology. Parity was founded by
some of the most influential entrepreneurs and visionaries in the Blockchain
and Crypto space.

The company has scaled rapidly in the last 3 years to become one of the
world’s most accomplished blockchain companies. It has over 300 team members
and global operations with offices in London, Berlin and Lisbon. This is an
incredible time to join the business as you will be joining a expanding
Finance function based in London and helping to build out finance processes
and supporting company wide initiatives. There are fantastic growth
opportunities on offer, as the business scales you will develop alongside the
team to provide information for business decisions and improve operations.

The workplace environment is dynamic with entrepreneurial flair always
encouraged. The company has taken a modern approach to work-life balance, with
flexibility to work from our central London office and from home.

**The Role**

The Finance function is looking for an Accounts Payable Analyst to join and
grow alongside the business. You will support the team in maintaining process
and controls, and implement enhancements to help scale the company.

As the Accounts Payable Analyst you will be responsible for maintaining the
accounts payable ledger and additional month end processes.

A key piece of the role will be to proactively suggest improvements, drive
efficiencies and to implement new processes into the business.

In your role as an Accounts Payable Analyst your responsibilities of the role
will include:

  * Processing approx 200 contractor invoices & expenses using Tipalti 
  * Processing supplier invoices 
  * Producing weekly payment runs for both contractors & suppliers 
  * Maintaining the credit cards 
  * Processing and payment of staff expenses 
  * Bank reconciliations 
  * Supplier statement reconciliation 
  * Assisting with month end duties including AP reconciliations
  * Month end accruals & Prepayment journals
  * Assisting with implementation of controls and processes.

**Required:**

  * Minimum 3 years experience in Accounts payable 
  * Good knowledge of month end closure procedures 
  * Experience in working with international companies and multi-currencies is preferred ● Good working knowledge of online accounting software (Xero or similar) 
  * Intermediate Excel skills 
  * Strong understanding of process and automation 
  * Excellent attention to detail 
  * Self-motivated, able to work towards deadlines 
  * Independent worker, with excellent communication and interpersonal skills 

**Benefits:**

  * Competitive salary 
  * Working at Parity means focusing on the stuff that counts: building the most cutting-edge technology for the future web. Our teams enjoy a high degree of trust, freedom and autonomy to achieve that goal. 
  * Not all of us who collaborate work in the same place. Bringing the team together is something we value a lot, so we regularly go on team retreats.

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Analyst Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/analyst), [Operations Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/operations), [Finance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Accounting Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/accounting), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

