## Job Description

0xPARC is seeking a full-time person to join our operations team and support
the backend finance and HR administration for the organization.

This person will play a key role in managing reimbursements and grants for our
community partners, expense and payroll processing for our internal team, and
recruitment and onboarding for contractors and employees.

### Role Responsibilities

  * Process 0xPARC Grants 
    * Liaising with grantees to obtain correct documentation, upload to [Bill.com](http://Bill.com), and cue up approvals and payments.
    * Providing support and direction to grantees if/when they encounter issues with the grants process.
  * Reimbursements 
    * Guide community partners through our reimbursement flow for approved event/program travel and accommodations.
    * Gather appropriate documentation for the above and prepare expense reports for approval.
    * Support employees/internal team-members with reimbursements for purchases made on personal cards.
  * HR 
    * Process payroll for employees and contractors.
    * Contract, payroll, and accounts onboarding for employees/contractors.
    * Recruitment admin and support: contributing to job description creation, posting positions, managing applicants, phone screens, setting up interviews, etc.
  * ### Other possible responsibilities

### Skills Required

  * High attention to detail. Strong ability to focus and efficiently work through task-lists.
  * Comfortable with repetitive tasks with an eye for identifying areas that can be improved / made into a playbooks / automated.
  * Able to prioritize multiple tasks, projects, and deadlines and adapt when leadership or operations team’s priorities change.
  * Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal. Experience with a-sycn communication on a distributed team is highly valued.
  * Proactive, growth mindset, and comfortable solving problems independently (default is to google or review external/internal documentation to solve a problem first).
  * A “no-job-too-small” attitude.
  * Experience with HR/Admin, finance, and accounting software.

Bonus:

  * Specific experience with following (or similar) tools/software an asset: Google Workspace, Notion, Airtable, Discord, Quickbooks, Gusto, [Bill.com](http://Bill.com), Brex, Wise, Mercury.

### Complimentary Past Experience

We aren’t big on titles, which is why you’ll notice this role doesn’t really
have one. Analogous roles in other orgs would be something like HR and Finance
Admin/Coordinator/Manager. and Ops Coordinator and Ops Manager, depending on
the experience and capabilities of the person we hire. Complimentary past
roles/experience for this role could include, but are not limited to:
executive assistant, event coordinator/manager/producer, operations
coordinator/manager, project manager, etc.

### **Why might you be excited about this role?**

We’re highly mission-driven and values-aligned: at our core, we believe that
applied crypto technology will have massive impacts on the world, and we're
focused on creating a culture of thoughtfulness and responsibility around the
development of this technology. We steer clear of the over-hyped and over-
financialized aspects of the crypto space, and take the long-term view on how
this technology might be used to enable fairer, redistributive, and pro-social
structures.

Additionally, 0xPARC’s role as a “community steward” enables us to occupy a
unique position at the center of a growing network of teams. 0xPARC
collaborates closely with a large and ever-expanding set of partner
organizations—Ethereum Foundation, Optimism, Scroll, Polygon, ZCash, Veridise,
Trail of Bits, Stanford CBR, Gitcoin, and many more. Joining 0xPARC is one of
the fastest ways to familiarize yourself with the landscape of “deep tech” in
crypto, and to build relationships with teams at the forefront of crypto
innovation.

Potential career-paths within 0xPARC for the person who fills this role could
be, but are not limited to:

  * Executive Assistant-type role for one or multiple of 0xPARC’s leaders
  * Operations leader

### Why might you _not_ be excited about this role?

You may not be a good fit for this role if:

  * You don’t want to herd cats or perform nitty-gritty operational and administrative work. This role requires you to get your hands dirty: building forms, editing copy, running events, managing mailing lists and email campaigns, etc.
  * You don’t want to travel. This person will be expected to travel nationally and internationally with our core team members, sometimes on short notice.
  * You are looking for predictability and stability. We expect the role, our organization, and the overall applied crypto technology landscape to grow and change rapidly over the next year. Team-members who are dedicated to our mission, and apply their best efforts, will have plenty of growth opportunities… we just don’t know what they look like yet.

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Community Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/community), [Project Manager Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/project-manager), [Operations Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/operations), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Polygon Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/polygon), [Executive Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/executive), [Discord Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/discord), [Finance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Manager Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager), [Accounting Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/accounting), [Ethereum Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/ethereum), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote).

