## Job Description

We are seeking talented interns to experience, contribute and grow at a fast-
moving Blockchain Startup in NYC! **Why Us?** CertiK is a pioneer in
blockchain security, leveraging best-in-class AI technology to protect and
monitor blockchain protocols and smart contracts. Founded in 2018 by
professors from Yale University and Columbia University, CertiKâ€™s mission is
to secure the web3 world. CertiK applies cutting-edge innovations from
academia to enterprise, enabling mission-critical applications to scale with
safety and correctness. **What We Expect you** Thriving in a fast-paced,
dynamic working environment.Self-driven and passionate about cutting-edge
technologies. Problem solver and fast learner with good analysis skills.Strong
team-player and always willing to make a positive impact on the team. Good
verbal and written communication skills.

### Requirements

    * Minimum of BS degree in CS or related field. Preference is MS or PhD
    * Mastery of one or more backend languages: Python, Javascript(NodeJS), Golang, Ruby, Scala, Java, C/C++, etc.
    * Solid computer science fundamentals in object-oriented design, data structure and algorithms, computer networks, database systems, distributed systems, etc.
    * Excellent written communication/presentation skills, able to conduct client-facing meetings, output technical blogs addressing general/security topics, great team collaborations.
    * CI/CD, Docker, Git, Shell, Databases, Messaging Systems, Data Processing (Spark).
    * [Preferred] Fundamental knowledge and working experiences on Bitcoin, Ethereum (EVM), Cosmos or other industry-leading blockchain platforms.
    * [Preferred] Strong interests and focuses on security tooling developments and researches.

 **About the Company** One of the fastest-growing and most trusted companies
in blockchain security, CertiK is a true market leader. To date, CertiK has
worked with over 3,200 Enterprise clients, secured over $310 billion worth of
digital assets, and has detected over 60,000 vulnerabilities in blockchain
code. Our clients include leading projects such as Aave, Polygon, Binance
Smart Chain, Terra, Yearn, and Chiliz.Investors = Insight Partners, Sequoia,
Tiger Global, Coatue Management, Lightspeed, Advent International, SoftBank,
Hillhouse Capital, Goldman Sachs, Coinbase Ventures, Binance, Shunwei Capital,
IDG Capital, Wing, Legend Star, Danhua Capital and other investors.
**Compensation** $2000 - $6000/month (fulltime). The exact compensation at
which this job is filled will be determined by the skills and experience of
qualified candidates.#blockchain#startups#hiringCertiK is proud to offer
medical, vision, and dental insurance, 401(k) plan with company matching, life
and accidental death and dismemberment insurance, HSA (with high deductible
plan), FSA, and other benefits to all full-time employees, along with flexible
paid time off and holidays. In compliance with federal law, all persons hired
will be required to verify identity and eligibility to work in the United
States and to complete the required employment eligibility verification form
upon hire. CertiK is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We will not
discriminate against any applicant or employee on the basis of age, race,
color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity or
expression, medical condition, national origin, ancestry, citizenship, marital
status or civil partnership/union status, physical or mental disability,
pregnancy, childbirth, genetic information, military and veteran status, or
any other basis prohibited by applicable federal, state or local law.CertiK
will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a
manner consistent with local and federal
requirements.<https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/migrated_files/employers/poster_screen_reader_optimized.pdf>All
CertiK employees are expected to actively support diversity on their teams,
and in the Company.

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Internship Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/internship), [Security Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/security), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Phd Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/phd), [Polygon Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/polygon), [Web3 Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Golang Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/golang), [Compliance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/compliance), [Evm Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/evm), [Entry Level Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/entry-level), [Python Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/python), [C++ Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/c-plus-plus), [Javascript Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/javascript), [Data Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Bsc Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/bsc).

