## Job Description

 **At Anchorage Digital we are building the world’s most advanced digital
asset platform for institutions to participate in crypto.** Founded in 2017,
Anchorage Digital is a regulated crypto platform that provides institutions
with integrated financial services and infrastructure solutions. With the
first federally chartered crypto bank in the US, Anchorage Digital offers
institutions an unparalleled combination of secure custody, regulatory
compliance, product breadth, and client service. We’re looking to diversify
our team with people who are humble, creative, and eager to learn.We are a
remote friendly, global team, but provide the option of working in-office in
San Francisco, New York City, Indianapolis, Sioux Falls, Porto, and
Singapore.As a core member of the Compliance Testing and Monitoring Group for
the first ever OCC-chartered digital asset bank, the Testing and Monitoring
Manager will impact Anchorage Digital Bank's Compliance Program through
emerging risk and gaps identification, automating testing practices, and
beyond.

### As a Testing and Monitoring Manager you will:

    * Both lead and support broader team execution of quarterly cyclical test reviews; this includes preparing in-depth, well-documented fieldwork material and data analytics, and producing clearly written issues and reports
    * Collaborate with control owners to produce and advise on remediation plans
    * Assist with issue management framework implementation through consistent metrics monitoring
    * Perform validation tests on identified and closed issues
    * Build and implement a peer QA framework to enhance testing practices

### You may be a fit for this role if you have:

    * 5 + years of experience leading multiple audits and/or reviews 
    * Profound understanding of the internal control environment at a financial institution
    * Deep knowledge of testing lifecycles and proven successful execution
    * Demonstrated success automating controls testing
    * Talent for writing crisp and accurate issues and reports, and the ability to manipulate data efficiently 
    * A proven track record of delivering on projects with tight timelines and multiple complex priorities
    * A flexible approach and demonstrated ability to pivot quickly in an ever-changing environment 

### Although not a requirement, bonus points if:

    * You have SQL and Python knowledge (a big plus!)
    * You're a startup veteran, or have experience in a fast-paced innovative environment
    * You were emotionally moved by the soundtrack to Hamilton, which chronicles the founding of a new financial system. :)

 **About Anchorage Digital: Who we are** The Anchorage Village, what we call
our team, brings together the brightest minds from platform security,
financial services, and distributed ledger technology to provide the building
blocks that empower institutions to safely participate in the evolving digital
asset ecosystem. As a diverse team of more than 300 members, we are united in
one common goal: building the future of finance by providing the foundation
upon which value moves safely in the new global economy. Anchorage Digital is
committed to being a welcoming and inclusive workplace for everyone, and we
are intentional about making sure people feel respected, supported and
connected at work—regardless of who you are or where you come from. We value
and celebrate our differences and we believe being open about who we are
allows us to do the best work of our lives. Anchorage Digital is an Equal
Opportunity Employer. We do not discriminate against qualified applicants or
employees on the basis of race, color, religion, gender identity, sex, sexual
preference, sexual identity, pregnancy, national origin, ancestry,
citizenship, age, marital status, physical disability, mental disability,
medical condition, military status, or any other characteristic protected by
federal, state, or local law, rule, or regulation.Protecting your privacy
rights is important to Anchorage Digital, and we work to maintain the trust
and confidence of our clients when handling personal or financial information.
Please see our [privacy policy notices
here.](https://www.anchorage.com/privacy-policy)

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Security Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/security), [Compliance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/compliance), [Python Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/python), [Quality Assurance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/quality-assurance), [Finance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Manager Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager), [Data Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

