## Job Description

We are looking for a **social/sales designer** to assist us in creating
innovative visual concepts that will contribute to the development of our
brand on social media. üî•

The Social\sales designer role is a critical one that involves a direct
collaboration with product team leaders, business development team members,
and operational leaders. As such, it offers a great opportunity to exercise
one's creativity and strategic planning skills in a variety of contexts. The
Social\sales designer role is an exciting and dynamic one that is sure to
provide ample opportunities for personal and professional growth üîù

With us you have a chance to become a pioneer in development of unique
features for web3 technologies üí™

### You will üöÄ

  * Developing and sharing various social media content like graphics, videos, and other forms of content
  * Creating attractive social media posts to catch the audience's attention
  * Designing creative and interactive presentations for pitch decks, demo days, online conferences etc.
  * Developing landing pages for marketing purposes via Tilda, Webflow, Wix or other software
  * Establish and implement strategies for driving and increasing online traffic
  * Merch and package design for the events

### You have ü§ì

  * Bachelor‚Äôs Degree in Graphic Design or Computer Sciences
  * Proven work experience as a Social Media Assistant, Social Media Executive, or a similar role in the Marketing department
  * Understanding of social media principles and best practices
  * Experience creating posts, visuals, and videos for social media
  * Highly creative and motivated individual
  * Good communication skills
  * Fluent English
  * Good time management and organizational skills
  * Portfolio to present your work

### **Bonus if you have üòé**

  * Experience working or passion in decentralized technology concepts

### What we offer ‚û°Ô∏è

At [P2P.org](http://p2p.org/) creativity is encouraged, a positive atmosphere
is fostered and high-quality standards of work are established. We do not
hesitate to say that we have unique expertise in the market.

At [P2P.org](http://p2p.org/) we have a team of experts with their own unique
approach and ownership culture. Together we gain experience and make dreams
come true! üåü

  * Remote working from any part of the world to your liking as long as your business hours fit Cyprus time zone
  * Work from anywhere in the world: an international distributed team
  * Competitive salary level in $
  * Well-being program
  * Mental Health care program
  * Compensation for education, including English & professional growth courses
  * Equipment & co-working reimbursement program
  * Overseas conferences, community immersion
  * Positive and friendly communication culture

[P2P.org](https://p2p.org/) is an equal opportunity employer. All applicants
will be considered for employment without regard to race, color, national
origin, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, veteran status, or
disability.

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Marketing Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/marketing), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Social Media Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/social-media), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Designer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/designer).

