## Job Description

At Coinbase, our mission is to[ increase economic freedom around the
world](https://blog.coinbase.com/our-mission-strategy-and-
culture-18a92a3bb0fa), and we couldn’t do this without hiring the best people.
We’re a group of hard-working overachievers who are deeply focused on building
the future of finance and Web3 for our users across the globe, whether they’re
trading, storing, staking or using crypto. Know those people who always lead
the group project? That’s us.

There are a few things we look for across all hires we make at Coinbase,
regardless of role or team. First, we look for candidates who will thrive in
a[ culture](https://blog.coinbase.com/culture-at-coinbase-f0e1c2a99aff) like
ours, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, and disrupt ourselves.
Second, we expect all employees to commit to our[ mission-focused
approach](https://blog.coinbase.com/coinbase-is-a-mission-focused-company-
af882df8804) to our work. Finally, we seek people who are excited to learn
about and live crypto, because those are the folks who enjoy the intense
moments in our sprint and recharge work culture. We’re a remote-first company
looking to hire the absolute best talent all over the world.

**Ready to #LiveCrypto? Who you are:**

  * You’ve got positive energy. You’re optimistic about the future and determined to get there. 
  * You’re never tired of learning. You want to be a pro in bleeding edge tech like DeFi, NFTs, DAOs, and Web 3.0. 
  * You appreciate direct communication. You’re both an active communicator and an eager listener - because let’s face it, you can’t have one without the other. You’re cool with candid feedback and see every setback as an opportunity to grow.
  * You can pivot on the fly. Crypto is constantly evolving, so our priorities do, too. What you worked on last month may not be what you work on today, and that excites you. You’re not looking for a boring job.
  * You have a “can do” attitude. Our teams create high-quality work on quick timelines. Owning a problem doesn’t scare you, but rather empowers you to take 100% responsibility for achieving our mission.
  * You want to be part of a winning team. We’re stronger together, and you’re a person who embraces being pushed out of your comfort zone. 

We are looking for an exceptional attorney to join our corporate legal team as
corporate counsel. You will support all aspects of Coinbase’s securities and
reporting functions.

**What you’ll be doing (ie. job duties):**

  * Support the securities / SEC reporting team as we continue to build our public company policies, practices and processes
  * Assist with preparation of 10-Ks, 10-Q, 8-Ks, proxy statements, registration statements and Section 16 filings, in close partnership with Coinbase’s finance and equity teams
  * Help plan Coinbase’s annual stockholders’ meeting, including preparing agenda, scripts, and related materials
  * Counsel Coinbase’s Investor Relations and Communications teams on quarterly earnings releases, Reg FD compliance and public disclosures
  * Advise on and help administer certain corporate and executive policies and programs, such as the insider trading policy and employee trading and 10b5-1 plans
  * Counsel on a range of related corporate matters such as public company governance, equity plans, equity administration and related policies
  * Willingness to roll up sleeves (no job too big, no job too small

**What we look for in you (ie. job requirements):**

  * 6+ years of corporate law experience, with particular focus on securities law compliance, including experience at a publicly-traded company and a law firm
  * Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, including ability to communicate information effectively internally and externally and to drive cross-functional alignment and action
  * Deep understanding of the 33’ Securities Act and 34’ Exchange Act
  * Must be active and in good standing in one State Bar in the United States, preferably in California or New York

**Nice to haves:**

  * In-house + law firm experience
  * Experience working with newly public companies

Job#: P20313

Pay Transparency Notice: Depending on your work location, the target annual
salary for this position can range from $166,600 to $196,000 + target bonus +
target equity + benefits (including medical, dental, vision and 401(k)).

### Commitment to Equal Opportunity

Coinbase is committed to diversity in its workforce and is proud to be an
Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive
consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, creed,
gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran status, sex, gender
expression or identity, sexual orientation or any other basis protected by
applicable law. Coinbase will also consider for employment qualified
applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable
federal, state and local law. For US applicants, you may view [Pay
Transparency](https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/ofccp/pdf/pay-
transp_English_unformattedESQA508c.pdf), [Employee
Rights](https://www.dol.gov/sites/dolgov/files/WHD/legacy/files/eppac.pdf) and
[Know Your
Rights](https://www.eeoc.gov/sites/default/files/2022-10/22-088_EEOC_KnowYourRights_10_20.pdf)
notices by clicking on their corresponding links. Additionally, Coinbase
participates in the [E-Verify program](https://static-
assets.coinbase.com/e-verify.pdf) in certain locations, as required by law.

Coinbase is also committed to providing reasonable accommodations to
individuals with disabilities. If you need a reasonable accommodation because
of a disability for any part of the employment process, please send an e-mail
to accommodations[at]coinbase.com and let us know the nature of your request
and your contact information. For quick access to screen reading technology
compatible with this site [click here to
download](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/chromevox/kgejglhpjiefppelpmljglcjbhoiplfn)
a free compatible screen reader [(free step by step tutorial can be found
here)](http://www.chromevox.com/tutorial/).

### Global Data Privacy Notice for Job Candidates and Applicants

Depending on your location, the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) may regulate the way we manage the data
of job applicants. Our full notice outlining how data will be processed as
part of the application procedure for applicable locations is available
[here](https://www.coinbase.com/legal/applicant_privacy_notice). By submitting
your application, you are agreeing to our use and processing of your data as
required. For US applicants only, by submitting your application you are
agreeing to arbitration of disputes as outlined
[here.](https://www.coinbase.com/legal/application-arbitration-agreement)

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Non Tech Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/non-tech), [Trading Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/trading), [Legal Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/legal), [Exchange Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/exchange), [Web3 Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Compliance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/compliance), [Executive Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/executive), [DeFi Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/defi), [Finance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Data Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

