## Job Description

 **About Kraken** As one of the largest and most trusted **digital asset
platforms** globally, we are empowering people to experience the life-changing
potential of crypto. Trusted by over 8 million consumer and pro traders,
institutions, and authorities worldwide - our unique combination of products,
services, and global expertise is helping tip the scales towards mass crypto
adoption. But we’re only just getting started. We want to be pioneers in
crypto and add value to the everyday lives of billions. Now is not the time to
sit on the sidelines. Join us to bring crypto to the world.To ensure Kraken is
the right fit for you, please ensure you read [**Kraken Culture
Explained**](https://kraken-culture.notion.site/)to find out more about
us!About The RoleAre you a corporate communications expert with a passion for
crypto? Let's talk! We’re expanding our communications team by adding a senior
level communications manager. In this remote position, you’ll be tasked with
the development and execution of communications strategies to generate amazing
coverage and help strengthen and protect the company’s reputation with a
variety of stakeholders. You’ll be living in the crypto space 24/7 so
understanding the nuances of the crypto ecosystem is key in this role, as well
as having solid experience in corporate communications, crisis and issues
management and media relations. Experience with regulatory topics and
stakeholders is highly desirable. What You’ll Be Doing- Strengthen existing
relationships and cultivate new relationships with print, online, broadcast
reporters, producers, bloggers and influencers.- Reactively respond to media
inquiries, educate reporters, correct misperceptions and work with the team on
issues and crisis communications.- Collaborate closely with content, growth
marketing, product marketing teams and subject matter experts around the
company to implement the company's external communication strategy.- Organize
press briefings, media sessions and events, and create press materials
including media pitches, FAQs and fact sheets in coordination with the team.-
Storymine with executives to create thoughtful pitches and narratives - work
to position Kraken as an industry leader among top tier media outlets.- Assist
in developing communications strategies and measuring / reporting impact of
campaigns reflecting on key performance indicators.- Identify potential issues
and help develop the right approach and messaging in case a response is
needed- Monitor the social landscape and elevate notable developments and
trends- Additional duties and responsibilities as assigned Who You Are- 4+
years experience in public relations preferably in tech with established
connections at major publications- Bachelor’s Degree in PR, Marketing,
Journalism, or equivalent experience preferred- Avid bitcoin and
cryptocurrency enthusiast - it's okay if you haven't worked in a crypto PR
agency before, but being especially knowledgeable about the field is
essential.- Excellent organization and project management skills- Superior
written and oral communication skills with a laser eye for detail -
Willingness to work hard and roll up your sleeves to get work done, even when
at times it is outside the scope of the job- Ability to develop creative,
effective approaches to difficult communications challengesAbout You- You’re
the “go-to” at the party who everyone asks about bitcoin - You have been told
that you have excellent judgment- You welcome feedback from others and want to
know how you can improve- You care more about getting work done correctly than
attempting to impress- You have an insatiable thirst for knowledge and enjoy
doing a lot of online research- You are extremely organized, detail-oriented
and catch all typos or grammatical errors- You understand crypto assets well
enough to write about them- You are independent but also a great collaborator-
You can manage projects and negotiate with ease- You are agile and can adapt
easily to ever changing priorities, needs, styles and issuesLocation Tagging:
#US #EU #Canada #LI-AG1We’re powered by people from around the world with
their own unique and diverse experiences. We value all Krakenites and their
talents, contributions, and perspectives, regardless of their background. We
encourage you to apply for roles where you don't fully meet the listed
requirements, especially if you're passionate or knowledgable about crypto!As
an equal opportunity employer we don’t tolerate discrimination or harassment
of any kind. Whether that’s based on race, ethnicity, age, gender identity,
citizenship, religion, sexual orientation, disability, pregnancy, veteran
status or any other protected characteristic as outlined by federal, state or
local laws. **Stay in the know** **[Kraken Culture Explained](https://kraken-
culture.notion.site/)** **[Follow us on
Twitter](https://twitter.com/krakenfx)** **[Catch up on our
blog](https://blog.kraken.com/)** **[Follow us on
LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/kraken-exchange/)**

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Marketing Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/marketing), [Research Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Content Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Exchange Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/exchange), [Senior Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior), [Manager Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

