## Job Description

 **Bitstamp is the original Cryptocurrency Exchange.**

We started small in 2011, with just two laptops and big aspirations. Fast
forward to today and we have grown to serve over 4 million clients across the
globe, who benefit from our commitment to security, transparency and
regulation. Whether itâ€™s through our intuitive web and mobile apps or arsenal
of industry-leading APIs, Bitstamp is where crypto enters the world of
finance.

Our success is a result of the innovative ideas, talented individuals, and
passion of our team. Together, we have helped shaped the crypto industry and
continue to do so. We are always on the lookout for new talent and crypto-
curious thinkers who share our passion for the future of finance.

As a **QA Engineer** you'll join **Product Engineering Team** who are
passionate about creating and optimizing the latest cryptocurrency trading
platforms, helping to discover new practices in the financial world, designing
and developing solutions for a global user base and developing tools for
internal company processes.

 **What you'll do**

  * Review product & technical specifications/documents and provide timely feedback.
  * Write, maintain & execute test scenarios through the product lifecycle.
  * Design, develop and execute automation scripts using open source tools.
  * Communicate effectively with all teams involved (e.g. project managers, product owners, engineering, etc.).
  * Identify & track bugs, perform thorough regression testing when bugs are resolved.
  * Stay up-to-date with new testing tools & technologies.

  * Analytical problem solving/troubleshooting skills.
  * Strong knowledge of software QA methodologies, tools and processes.
  * Knowledge of automation testing tools is an added plus (Robot framework, Selenium, Appium Postman API).
  * High proficiency in computer technology and basic knowledge of SQL, Python, JavaScript, HTML/CSS.
  * Experience in writing test scenarios based on product specifications.
  * Experience with issue & project tracking tools (e.g. JIRA) and source code management tools (e.g. Git, Bitbucket).
  * Experience with performance and/or security testing is a plus.
  * At least 2-years of experience in quality engineering or software development.

**Logistics**

  * Hybrid or 100% remote working/full time in Croatia.

  * Work from home or other location that allows you to be most productive
  * Generous home-office allowances upon joining to help set up your home space.
  * Incentives: Financial Rewards, Bitstamp Employee Annual Awards, Employee Incentive program (EIP) etc.
  * Sports and cultural activities, pet-friendly offices, a full fridge, teambuilding events, Bitstamp parties.

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Trading Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/trading), [Security Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/security), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Exchange Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/exchange), [Python Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/python), [Javascript Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/javascript), [Quality Assurance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/quality-assurance), [Finance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance).

