## Job Description

At Electric Coin Company (ECC), we're on a mission to empower everyone with
economic freedom and opportunity. We invented and support Zcash (ZEC), a
privacy-preserving digital currency built on strong science. In support of our
mission, ECC is focused on building a world class user experience for ZEC.

As our first Executive Head of Product you will shape the product strategy
from ideation to execution. You will translate the company mission into a
clear product vision. You will partner closely with our engineering and growth
teams to operate as the bridge between them.

You are an executive with 5-10 years of commercial and product experience. You
are confident in your abilities to lead a successful product launch as shown
through your previous experience.

Core Responsibilities:

  * Work with our Engineering and Growth teams to establish agile processes, frameworks, and tools to improve velocity, quality, and transparency.
  * Develop the go-to-market strategy with growth, including messaging development, thought leadership strategy and content creation.
  * Drive adoption by successfully executing narratives across various channels, including but not limited to events, marketing campaigns, and thought leadership. 
  * Identify product team objectives and key results to drive company goals
  * Connect product functionality and metrics to the strategic objectives of the company overall. Align performance to the company’s north stars, and balance the company’s objectives with strategic and longer-term product development. Gather buy-in from other leaders in what we do and how it will grow the business
  * Enhance product validation process to refine product market-fit that will drive deeper engagement for Zcash
  * Build strong trust relationships internally and across the Zcash ecosystem with partners and users
  * Drive organizational focus and alignment around product goals
  * Conduct competitive analysis and maintain current information regarding competitive activity
  * Synthesize complex products into structured and easy to digest content
  * Partner with Product Marketing to bring visibility to the product and features 

**Product Strategy Duties**

  * Drive wallet and new application development from conceptualization through launch, designing a roadmap, workstream processes, and executing on them
  * Participate in the user journey mapping and execution for the mobile wallet, gathering external and internal feedback in the process
  * Ensure all stakeholders’ needs are aligned before finalizing the wallet roadmap
  * Collaborate with cross-functional engineering teams in order to determine what features to move forward and in what priority
  * Build consensus with key partners to adjust the plan as needed
  * Define requirements and ensure clear communication and coordination of requirements to all involved teams
  * Proactively identify and mitigate risks before they become roadblocks
  * Lead and conduct research on other mobile wallets in the space
  * Manage all documentation creation for the mobile wallet, assuring it is clearly documented and easy to follow
  * Provide engineers with support and guidance in accomplishing mobile wallet development
  * Report progress and roadblocks to leadership at regular check-ins
  * Research and implement tools necessary to streamline and automate mobile developer work as needed
  * Manage a team of external mobile developer contractors
  * Vocalize and work to remove inefficiencies in our current mobile wallet roadmap
  * Run external and internal demos in order to showcase the development of the wallet and gather feedback from these calls

We have a few concrete requirements, but we're flexible and looking for the
right person.

  * Has strong grasp of product vision, strategy, and market
  * 5-10 years of experience at the executive level
  * Must have experience successfully leading and deploying an application with 1M + users.
  * Ideal candidate has worked in the fintech space.
  * Preference to those with experience in the crypto and blockchain space.

Why take this job? Why not join some other company? Here are a few reasons:

  * Electric Coin Company is on a mission to give everyone on Earth an open, secure, and inclusive financial system through the power of exotic math.
  * We believe in self-care. We commonly move meetings for colleagues' personal obligations. Your life comes first.
  * Flexible work arrangements--live where you want and work remotely.
  * Everything we do is open source.

**Other benefits Include...**

  * Remote First Culture
  * Full premiums paid for all US employees + dependents for all medical, dental, and vision insurance.
  * Flexible PTO
  * Fun Fridays
  * The starting rate for this position begins at $200,000

The salary of the finalist selected for this role will be set based on a
variety of factors, including but not limited to, internal equity, experience,
education, specialty and training. The above starting rate represents ECC’s
reasonable estimate of compensation at the time of posting. This position is
not eligible for overtime compensation. Your total compensation goes beyond
the number on your paycheck and includes additional attractive incentive
benefits such as a retention grant of ZEC coins.

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Marketing Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/marketing), [Research Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Legal Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/legal), [Content Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Compliance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/compliance), [Executive Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/executive), [DeFi Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/defi), [Move Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/move), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

