## Job Description

 ** _Position overview_**

The Customer Success team will work closely with the Product - Onboarding and
Conversion teams, understanding the challenges experienced by members to
ensure the team are able to walk members through the onboarding process,
solving any pain points. The team will also work toward a common goal of
conversion optimization and increasing customer growth. The team will not stop
there, as they will remain assigned to members, build relationships with
members and provide support throughout the client journey.

The Customer Success Advisor, reporting into the Senior Account Manager or
Account Manager, and forming an integral part of the Customer Success team
will be responsible for providing constant support across different channels
to our clients. Ensuring that our clients enjoy consistent coverage during the
onboarding process and throughout their journey with us. Creating a “customer
for life” experience for our clients. As our products and services cover
multiple regions across the globe, the aim is to provide our clients with a
standard of service that is world class and expected of a Private and
Investment Bank.

**_Role objectives_**

  * Represent the company effectively by developing comprehensive knowledge of its offerings
  * Maximise sales performance through strong relationships with clients and awareness of their needs and lifestyles
  * Achieve weekly, monthly, and annual sales and activity quotas
  * Generate leads by committing to customer service and building relationships
  * Adjust sales techniques according to interactions and results in the field
  * Conduct incisive and insightful research of markets and competitors
  * Ensure customers' pain points are addressed to the right team and solved asap
  * **Take all measures, go above and beyond, to ensure clients needs are met whether this is through the onboarding process or when they have become a member**
  * Accumulate feedback from the clients and share product improvement ideas

**_KPIs/Targets_**

As a Customer Success Advisor, your role will include daily/weekly/monthly
targets set by your Manager and in alignment with the overall client
conversion strategy. The targets, if achieved, will be linked to incentives
and a commission structure will be shared.

**_Responsibilities_**

  * Develop and maintain thorough knowledge of the company and its products, research consumer needs, and identify how our solutions can address those needs
  * Generate leads and grow existing relationships by maintaining an accurate, detailed client book for an active, repeat customer base
  * Proactively approach clients, using outside-the-box thinking to develop new and unique sales tactics
  * Work with Account Managers to design industry-specific outreach efforts
  * Conduct month-end and year-end close processes
  * Provide our clients with world-class experience, the kind of experience that would be expected from a global Private and Investment Bank
  * Service will extend across all channels including our in-app live chat, phone, email, and video call
  * **This position will cover Europe and Africa as we provide 24/5 coverage to our clients**
  * Representing Xapo Bank online at all times in a way that reflects the Private and Investment Banking environment

**_Skills needed_**

  * Strong communication skills in both verbal and written form, English being the business language of choice. Additional languages may be required dependent on location as our Customer Support Specialists cover key markets across LATAM, Africa, Asia and Europe
  * **This position will cover our European and African markets**
  * Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
  * Experience working with clients within the high networth customer segment
  * Ability to translate complex/technical issues into easy to understand language for clients
  * Strong attention to detail and analytical skills
  * Empathy and a passion for delivering excellent service to clients
  * Driven, self-motivated, collaborative and highly flexible team player approach
  * Self-learner, and an avid problem-solver

**_Other requirements_**

  * A dedicated workspace.
  * A reliable internet connection with the fastest speed possible in your area.
  * A plain background when on Zoom calls with clients.
  * Smart professional dress code during Zoom calls with clients.
  * Devices and other essential equipment that meet minimal technical specifications.
  * Alignment with Our Values and the Xapo Values-Driven Leadership principles.

_The Job Description is a guide of your role and responsibilities here at Xapo
Bank but your role is not limited to the information provided on the Job
Description._

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Research Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Sales Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/sales), [Senior Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior), [Manager Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager), [Customer Support Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/customer-support), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

