## Job Description

We are looking for a **protocol researcher** to join our team. Building a
truly secure, scalable, and decentralized zero-knowledge rollup requires
considerable research work, including solving many open problems around
protocol and mechanism design.Your day-to-day work as a protocol researcher at
Scroll will involve conducting research on Ethereum and layer 2 design. This
research will need to cover a very large scope including rollup economics,
state growth, EVM, MEV, PBS, AA, Layer 3, etc. We are looking for someone with
a deep understanding of protocol research as well as basic coding ability. The
ideal candidate will also be a strong communicator and writer, with an ability
to output high quality content and to translate research ideas into terms that
engineers can easily understand and implement.Scroll is proud to be an equal
opportunity workplace. We are committed to equal employment opportunities
regardless of race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual
orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity, or
veteran status. If you have a disability or special need, please let us know
and we'll do our best to accommodate.

### Job Duties

    * Survey existing layer 2 and Ethereum protocols through code and papers.
    * Propose new designs and optimizations for our layer 2 ptotocol.
    * Propose new designs and optimizations for Ethereum (i.e. propose layer 2 related EIPs).
    * Explore new research directions (i.e. EVM, MEV, PBS, AA, Layer 3, etc).
    * Output high quality content (i.e. talk, blog post, research post).
    * Keep the engineering team up to date with the latest ideas in protocol research.
    * Establish collaborations with universities and external researchers to solve open problems.

### Qualifications

    * Strong interest in decentralized system and open source collaboration
    * Familiarity with layer 2 and Ethereum infrastructure
    * Ability to read and write academic papers, understand and propose EIPs
    * Ability to present and explain cutting-edge crypto research to engineers clearly
    * Experience in blockchain infrastructure development or cryptography preferred
    * Fluency in Golang, Rust, C++, or similar languages. We work primarily in Golang and Rust, but prior experience is not mandatory.

### Benefits

    * Work from anywhere with flexible hours
    * Generous paid time off
    * Home office set up
    * Annual growth budget
    * Coworking membership allowance 
    * Private healthcare in selected countries
    * Competitive salary package

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Research Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Content Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Engineering Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Golang Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/golang), [Rust Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/rust), [Evm Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/evm), [Ethereum Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/ethereum), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Zk Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/zk).

