## Job Description

We are seeking an Executive Assistant / Operations Manager to support our CEO
and join our rapidly growing team of Blockchain and Cryptocurrency enthusiasts
and engineers. We are building the Subspace Network, a radically
decentralized, next-generation blockchain which allows developers to easily
run Web3 apps at Internet scale. Subspace is based on original research funded
by the US National Science Foundation and planning to launch its Network later
this year. Subspace Labs is an early-stage, venture-backed startup with a
remote-first, globally distributed team. To learn more, visit our
[website](https://www.subspace.network/) and read the [technical
whitepaper](https://subspace.network/blog/subspace-network-whitepaper).As the
Executive Assistant to the CEO you will primarily be responsible for managing
day to day operational tasks of our CEO in order to maximize his efficiency
and remove any administrative blockers. In this role you will wear many hats
and function across multiple departments and teams.

### Primary Responsibilities:

    *  **Manage** a complex calendar of globally distributed events and meetings on a day-to-day basis, prioritizing and coordinating ever-changing schedules. 
    * **Coordinate** heavy travel arrangements; booking flights, coordinating itineraries and accommodations, managing rental car bookings. 
    * **Assist** with presentations, preparing slides, reviewing content and coordinating speakers for various internal and external events. 
    * **Provide** full administrative to support the CEO, maintain organizational priorities, remove blockers, and act as a liaison between other members of the leadership team. 
    * **Coordinate** and lead internal company meetings; facilitating speakers, preparing the agenda, consolidating slides, following up with action items, etc. 
    * **Handle** operational projects as assigned; improve documentation across collaboration platforms, organize and create processes that streamline our distributed practices. 

### Key Requirements:

    * 3+ years of experience supporting Executive-level leadership in a fast-paced startup. 
    * Excellent written and verbal communication skills, attention to detail, and time management skills. 
    * Experience managing complex calendar systems, heavy travel calendars and coordinating with an international team. 
    * Ability to use discretion and work under a significant degree of confidentiality. 
    * Able to operate in a highly autonomous way with minimal supervision. 
    * Experience working with tools such as Google Suite, Notion, and Slack.

### Bonus Experience:

    * Experience working in a Web3 or open source organization. 
    * Experience supporting an Engineering leader or CTO. 

### What We Offer:

    * A remote work environment with a high degree of autonomy and agency.
    * You will play a critical role in implementing a new layer one blockchain.
    * Salary and options befitting an early hire at a venture-backed startup.
    * Medical, dental, and vision insurance (US-based only).
    * Company-sponsored team offsites in various locations around the world.

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Research Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Legal Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/legal), [Content Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Operations Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/operations), [Developer Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Web3 Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Compliance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/compliance), [Executive Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/executive), [Manager Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

