## Job Description

Cash App is looking for a Data Science Manager with a deep interest and
passion for bitcoin and data to lead our Crypto data science team. The Crypto
team’s mission is to empower individuals across the world by providing
financial services based on bitcoin and other digital assets.

As the lead of the Crypto Data Science team, we expect you to develop and
maintain strategic partnerships with key stakeholders to ensure that our data
science initiatives are aligned with the overall business strategy. Your
leadership will be crucial in defining the team's roadmap, optimizing existing
processes, and generating strategic research that will inform our product
development decisions. To be successful, you will leverage your expertise in
data science and your understanding of our Crypto products and market to drive
impactful change. You and your team will contribute reusable frameworks and
processes back to the foundational Data Science team, elevating the skills and
capabilities of the entire organization.

Cash App became the first public company to launch bitcoin purchases in 2018
and since then we’ve added a full ecosystem of bitcoin products you’ll be
supporting, from bitcoin buy/sell to novel technologies like the lightning
network. Because your team will work with bitcoin data across multiple
touchpoints (internal systems, blockchain, lightning network, etc.) a solid
understanding of how these technologies function and demonstrated
experience/interest working with this data is a big plus.

 **As a Data Science Manager you will:**

  * Lead the Crypto data science team within Cash App and manage one Data Scientist with potential for scaling it up
  * Partner with senior Crypto leaders from Engineering, Design and Product to set and drive a long-term vision for this team
  * Identify opportunities to optimize across multiple metrics and constraints, leveraging in-depth analysis and rigorous experimental design
  * Develop your team members ability to partner strategically (not just on execution!) with their workstream partners
  * Offer technical mentorship to existing team members, focusing on their long-term growth
  * Use data and expertise to build compelling narratives that communicate ideas and opportunities to gain buy in and build alignment, with both internal and external partners

  * Work directly with blockchain and lightning network data to track and optimize the performance of our external crypto payments over those networks
  * Drive proactive research to identify product opportunities within Cash App’s crypto product ecosystem

### Qualifications

 **To be successful, you should have:**

  * 8+ years of Data Science experience, with at least 2+ years of experience as a direct Manager of Data Scientists or Data Analysts
  * Deep interest and passion for bitcoin and blockchain data
  * Enough (and recent) proficiency with Python, SQL and other relevant tools that will allow you to support and mentor the team and encourage their technical growth
  * Strong communication and the demonstrated ability to translate insights into impact
  * Excellent business acumen and a self starting, growth centric mindset
  * Experience in a high-growth tech environment
  * Intellectual curiosity and a passion for what Cash App is building

 **Technologies we use and/or teach:**

  * Querying and Pipelines: SQL (MySQL, Snowflake, BigQuery), Airflow, Prefect
  * Data Manipulation and Analysis: Python (Pandas, NumPy and sklearn) or R
  * Dashboarding: Mode, Tableau, Looker

### Additional Information

Block takes a market-based approach to pay, and pay may vary depending on your
location. U.S. locations are categorized into one of four zones based on a
cost of labor index for that geographic area. The successful candidate’s
starting pay will be determined based on job-related skills, experience,
qualifications, work location, and market conditions. These ranges may be
modified in the future.

Zone A: USD $245,100 - USD $299,500 Zone B: USD $245,100 - USD $299,500 Zone
C: USD $245,100 - USD $299,500 Zone D: USD $245,100 - USD $299,500

To find a location’s zone designation, please refer to this
[resource](https://careers.smartrecruiters.com/Square/us-zones). If a location
of interest is not listed, please speak with a recruiter for additional
information.

Benefits include the following:

  * Healthcare coverage
  * Retirement Plans including company match 
  * Employee Stock Purchase Program
  * Wellness programs, including access to mental health, 1:1 financial planners, and a monthly wellness allowance 
  * Paid parental and caregiving leave
  * Paid time off
  * Learning and Development resources
  * Paid Life insurance, AD&D. and disability benefits 
  * Perks such as WFH reimbursements and free access to caregiving, legal, and discounted resources 

This role is also eligible to participate in Block's equity plan subject to
the terms of the applicable plans and policies, and may be eligible for a
sign-on bonus. Sales roles may be eligible to participate in a commission plan
subject to the terms of the applicable plans and policies. Pay and benefits
are subject to change at any time, consistent with the terms of any applicable
compensation or benefit plans.

We’re working to build a more inclusive economy where our customers have equal
access to opportunity, and we strive to live by these same values in building
our workplace. Block is a proud equal opportunity employer. We work hard to
evaluate all employees and job applicants consistently, without regard to
race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, disability, veteran
status, pregnancy, gender expression or identity, sexual orientation,
citizenship, or any other legally protected class.

We believe in being fair, and are committed to an inclusive interview
experience, including providing reasonable accommodations to disabled
applicants throughout the recruitment process. We encourage applicants to
share any needed accommodations with their recruiter, who will treat these
requests as confidentially as possible. _**Want to learn more about what we’re
doing to build a workplace that is fair and square? Check out our[I+D
page](https://squareup.com/us/en/about/diversity?utm_source=job_description).
**_

Additionally, we consider qualified applicants with criminal histories for
employment on our team, assessing candidates in a manner consistent with the
requirements of the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

_Block, Inc. (NYSE: SQ) is a global technology company with a focus on
financial services. Made up of Square, Cash App, Spiral, TIDAL, and TBD, we
build tools to help more people access the economy. Square helps sellers run
and grow their businesses with its integrated ecosystem of commerce solutions,
business software, and banking services. With Cash App, anyone can easily
send, spend, or invest their money in stocks or Bitcoin. Spiral (formerly
Square Crypto) builds and funds free, open-source Bitcoin projects. Artists
use TIDAL to help them succeed as entrepreneurs and connect more deeply with
fans. TBD is building an open developer platform to make it easier to access
Bitcoin and other blockchain technologies without having to go through an
institution._

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Non Tech Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/non-tech), [Research Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Sales Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/sales), [Legal Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/legal), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Python Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/python), [Senior Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior), [Recruiter Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/recruiter), [Manager Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager), [Data Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote).

