## Job Description

 **About Wintermute**[Wintermute](https://www.wintermute.com/) is a leading
market maker of digital assets globally. We manage hundreds of millions in
assets and trade more than $1B+/day across dozens of different trading
platforms. Culturally, we combine 1) the best-in-class trading and technology
professionalism coming from 70+ years of combined team’s expertise in
traditional HFT companies like Optiver and 2) technology startup culture, as
we are moving very fast and empowering people to act like owners. Wintermute
provides liquidity algorithmically across most vested exchanges in crypto,
across CeFi and DeFi, on-screen and OTC, as well as supporting high profile
blockchain projects. At Wintermute, we believe in the decentralization of
finance and we believe that trading companies of the future are technology
companies, not financial services providers.Wintermute is a proprietary
trading business. We are a Series B highly profitable startup backed by
[Lightspeed](https://medium.com/lightspeed-venture-partners/wintermute-makes-
sure-you-dont-get-ripped-off-when-you-buy-crypto-63aa96dcb983), Pantera
Capital, Sino Global Capital, [Blockchain.com](http://blockchain.com/)
Ventures and other top tier investors. Learn more about our team and culture
on our website and Evgeny’s post [here](https://medium.com/wintermute-
trading/building-a-technology-company-for-the-future-9a6798449763). **Working
at Wintermute** We are looking for a C++ Software Engineer who is passionate
about technology, interested in both low level details of how computer
hardware operates and high-level design of large systems. Someone who likes
opening the hood to see how things work, has understanding of data structures,
experience writing client-server network applications, and writing and
optimising code for highperformance. We welcome your previous experience from
your own personal projects as well as commercial experience. Interest in
algorithmic trading is a plus. At Wintermute you will have an opportunity to
grow and make direct impact on trading by developing and improving all the
parts of the trading platform and related software, while also getting advice
and guidance from very experienced developers and traders, including the
founders. You will get a lot of independence and responsibility right away,
and you'll learn at an unprecedented speed! No legacy systems, no corporate
bureaucracy, no multiple levels of approvals. It is up to you to make an
impact! You will work alongside exceptionally sharp colleagues, learn how to
write fail-safe code and improve performance and scalability of the trading
system, a real challenge and a rare opportunity! **What will you work on** A
great advantage of this position is that it is varied, and it is also up to
you to shape it in the direction that matches your talents and company needs.
Projects may include connecting to a new exchange, upgrading major trading
system components, designing a completely new application from scratch,
working on implementation of pricing models. We will share more technical
details in the interviews. You will have opportunity to improve your knowledge
of software optimisations, of building robust large-scale systems and to
understand crypto currency trading.

### Hard Skills requirements

    * At least 2 years experience with C++ - we will test
    * Understanding networking and implementing client-server connections - we will test
    * Experience with looking under the hood to see how C++ standard libraries work - we will test
    * Strong analytical skills - we will test

### Write to us if you

    * Love coding, love problem solving, and love seeing your products work
    * Love building things
    * Are curious about algorithmic trading and financial markets
    * Are determined, ambitious yet humble, willing to work hard and learn on the way
    * Like meritocracy and being judged by what you deliver
    * Like working like an owner and not like a 9-to-5 "work to pay bills" or contractor
    * Like working in the team environment (not fully remote), at least half-time working from our London office (COVID restrictions allowing)

### Tips for a successful application

    * Only apply to us if you are genuinely interested or curious about this role; this is not for someone who is just looking for "a job"
    * Write us a short, honest, and direct message if you'd like to apply. Tell us about why you are interested in C++ development at Wintermute. Do not send us generic copy paste applications, we are looking for authentic people who share our interests, values and ambitions!
    * We are able to arrange a UK visa sponshorship for the right candidates

[Apply for this job](https://jobs.lever.co/wintermute-
trading/8c31337e-9989-4cf2-9cab-e876cbc96f10/apply)

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Trading Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/trading), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Exchange Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/exchange), [DeFi Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/defi), [Finance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Data Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data).

