## Job Description

 **Role Overview**

You will be part of an organization focused on delivering a world-class self-
custodial wallet for app users of digital assets.

In this role, you will lead a team of around 20 highly skilled and talented
professionals (5 internal, and a 15-person outsourced team in Europe)
responsible for delivering RockWallet features. Your team follows a
disciplined process to prioritize, design, develop, build, and maintain
applications, their backend service portals and the supporting blockchain
infrastructure. As a leader in this organization, you will have a proven track
record of building and delivering front and back-end apps to demanding
customers and internal stakeholders.

You will be working closely with product management, architects, engineering-
operations, SREs, finance-operations, support and other subject matter
experts. You will report to the CTO and engage directly with the executive
team.

This role has been designated as ‘Remote’, which means you will primarily work
remotely. Some international travel is required. Your team is located
primarily in GMT+1 time zone, so you will be expected to adjust your schedule
to be available during most of this workday, followed by most of the day in
the GMT-5 time zone.

RockWallet strives to excel in continuous learning and adopting digital asset
best practices. You will need to embrace and foster this culture; feel
comfortable challenging the status quo and driving changes in financial
technology.

If you are a Fintech / Crypto / Digital Asset enthusiast, with a passion for
user acquisition, a strategic mindset, and a proven track record of success,
who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment, and is ready to take
on a high-impact role, we would love to hear from you!

Reporting to the Chief Technology Officer, the Director of Software
Development will be responsible for the following duties and obligations:

**Key Responsibilities:**

  * Lead and manage a high-performing engineering team
  * Plan and allocate resources, meet goals, and priorities based on business and technology roadmap
  * Communicate and collaborate effectively across disciplines such as Engineering Operations, Financial Operations, Product Management, Customer Care, Quality, Marketing and other teams/stakeholders to gain commitments on dependencies, improvements and remediations
  * Actively engage in technical discussions, project execution and incident management to ensure that goals are met or exceeded
  * Apply broad perspective/system-level thinking to drive efficient solutions and ensure security of all customer funds
  * Promote the adoption of industry best practices for financial technology applications

**Education and Experience Required:**

  * Bachelor's or Engineering degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field
  * 7+ years’ professional experience in software product development, with 3+ years as a leader
  * Experience in the cryptocurrency industry is a plus

**Knowledge and Skills**

  * Strong leadership skills, including coaching, team-building, and conflict resolution.
  * Proven ability to lead/mentor and grow geographically distributed teams across time zones and cultures.
  * Experience in anticipating operational needs and impact on the business, function, or department.
  * Advanced relationship management skills, including partnering and consulting with senior management and executive roles for internal and external partners.
  * Has familiarity with various security best practices and tools.
  * Results-oriented, with a proven track record of success technically leading an engineering team.
  * Deep understanding and experience of software development and life cycle (working knowledge of JIRA desired).
  * Advanced communication skills catered to a wide variety of audiences (e.g. written, verbal, and presentation).
  * Demonstrated versatility and strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
  * Ability to take extreme ownership over your work
  * A passion for software development and a commitment to continued learning and growth
  * Collaborative and open-minded
  * Ability to work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment and adapt to changing priorities.

**We offer:**

  * A competitive salary
  * Diverse and dynamic work environment
  * Work-life balance and support for career development

_We thank all interested applicants, however, only those under consideration
will be contacted._

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Devops Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/devops), [Web3 Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Lead Level Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/lead-level).

