## Job Description

OpenSea is the first and largest marketplace for [non-fungible
tokens](https://opensea.io/blog/guides/non-fungible-tokens/), or NFTs.
Applications for NFTs include collectibles, gaming items, domain names,
digital art, and many other items backed by a blockchain. OpenSea is an open,
inclusive web3 platform, where individuals can come to explore NFTs and
connect with each other to purchase and sell NFTs. At OpenSea, we're excited
about building a platform that supports a brand new economy based on true
digital ownership and are proud to be recognized as [Y Combinator's
#4](https://www.ycombinator.com/topcompanies#private_companies) ranked top
private company.When hiring candidates, we look for signals that a candidate
will thrive in our culture, where we default to trust, embrace feedback, grow
rapidly, and love our work. We also know how critical it is to celebrate and
support our differences. Employing a team rich in diverse thoughts,
experiences and opinions enables our employees, our product and our community
to flourish. We are dedicated to equal employment opportunities regardless of
race, color, ancestry, religion, sex, national origin, sexual orientation,
age, citizenship, marital status, disability, gender identity or Veteran
status. To help facilitate this, we support remote, hybrid or onsite work at
either New York City, San Francisco or the Silicon Valley for the majority of
our opportunities. We are looking for a senior engineering manager who is a
technical leader that's passionate about people growth, novel technical
challenges and organizational development. This is an opportunity to help
continue to build our NFT marketplace that will support our integrity as we
grow over the next decade and beyond. In this role you will support, mentor
and assist our Trust and Safety team in driving and deploying strategies that
increase user trust.You will lead your engineering team in building systems
and internal tools which will allow our users to have a safe, trustworthy and
inspiring experience. We are looking for an individual who is both product and
delivery-driven and is passionate about applying their knowledge and
experience for real user impact. You will tackle head-on evolving challenges
without clear solutions, such as transactional fraud, fake account creation,
NFT duplicates or copies, and much more.

### Responsibilities

    * Manage a direct team as well as several cross-functional partnerships to come up with and deploy short & long-term strategies that remove policy-violating content and malicious actors at scale.
    * Lead your engineering team to make effective use of, as well as improve our infrastructure and platform.
    * Partner with our senior leadership team assisting with, but not limited to, high-level technical challenges, engineering initiatives, prioritization of work, organizational design & company strategy.
    * Lead by example as a coach and mentor for the engineers on your team, up-leveling through guidance.
    * Evaluate technical tradeoffs of major decisions and commit to judgment that will lead to improvements in efficiencies.
    * Help OpenSeaâ€™s product teams design safety and abuse resistance into new products from the beginning.
    * Create roadmaps with clear project goals, deliverables, expectations and timelines for teams.
    * Recruiting to scale the direct team as well as OpenSea a whole.
    * Define clear success metrics, measure the impact of your team, and communicate the results to improve future success.

### Desired Experience

    * Experienced in supporting, growing and motivating a product engineering team.
    * Experienced in hands-on software development as well as managing and solving novel technical problems, specifically in the trust and safety space.
    * Highly technical in the trust and safety domain as well as a proven track record of being an effective & thoughtful people manager.
    * Strong written and verbal communication as well as strong business and technical acumen.
    * Ability to juggle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment.
The base salary for this full-time position, which spans across multiple
internal levels depending on qualifications, ranges between $180,000 -
$340,000 plus benefits & equity.#LI-Remote

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Community Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/community), [Content Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Engineering Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Web3 Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Senior Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior), [NFT Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/nft), [Manager Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager).

