## Job Description

 **Amber Group** is a leader in digital asset trading, products and
infrastructure. We work with companies ranging from token issuers, banks and
fintech firms, to sports teams, game developers, brands and creators.
Operating at the center of markets, we act as liquidity providers, miners and
validators on all major exchanges, applications, and networks. Across all
products and categories, we have turned over >$1T in volumes since inception.
Our mission is to make our digital future a reality and shape it to be fair,
inclusive, and kind.Our people are both dreamers and doers - a self-driven,
entrepreneurial community who are believers in the power of decentralized
networks. We collaborate across teams and regions, promoting a culture that is
open, transparent, respectful and inclusive. **Our businesses** 1\.
Institutional financial services, helping 1,000+ asset managers, hedge funds,
corporates, and family offices invest in digital assets via API and our OTC
desk.2. Consumer financial services with millions of customers investing in
digital assets via our award-winning mobile app and web platforms.3. The
emerging digital creator economy including gaming tokens, digital art, sports
collectibles, and social tokens. **At Amber Group,** you will have the
opportunity to work with innovative and entrepreneurial people, solve
meaningful problems, accept challenges, and become experts in frontier fields.
We strive to take care of our people, providing competitive incentives,
benefits and rewards.

### Job Responsibilities:

    * Conduct research and statistical analysis to develop and continuously improve our mid-frequency trading strategies
    * Assist in refining our internal database, risk management system, and backtest platform
    * Work closely with portfolio managers on other trading related quantitative projects

### Job Requirements:

    * BS/MS degree in Mathematics, Statistics, Physics, Computer Science, or other related fields
    * Strong knowledge of factor model investing and portfolio construction
    * Strong analytical skills, experience in analyzing large datasets is a plus
    * Solid programming skills in Python, familiar with Python libraries including Pandas, Numpy, Scipy. Experience in C++ is a plus
    * Experience in mid to high-frequency CTA, statistical arbitrage, and option trading is a plus
    * Immediate available is highly preferred

 **Amber Group** opens its doors to the curious problem solver empowered to
make an impact in shaping tomorrow. As a hyper-growth company since day 1, we
continually invite talent to join our diverse, nimble and digitally-native
teams. If this sounds like you, apply now, or get in touch with us today at
[careers@ambergroup.io](/cdn-cgi/l/email-
protection#85a3a6fdb3b6bea3a6fdb3b4bea3a6fdb2b7bea3a6b4b5b4bea3a6b4b5b4bea3a6b4b4b1bea3a6b4b4b0bea3a6fdb1b5bea3a6bcb2bea3a6b4b5bcbea3a6bcbdbea3a6fdb3b0bea3a6b4b4b1bea3a6b4b5b6bea3a6b4b4b1bea3a6fdb3e3bea3a6b4b4b2bea3a6b4b4b7bea3a6fdb7e0bea3a6fdb3bcbea3a6fdb3e3be).

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Trading Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/trading), [Research Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Community Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/community), [Python Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/python), [Junior Level Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/junior-level), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

