## Job Description

[ChainSafe](http://chainsafe.io/) is a leading blockchain research and
development firm specializing in infrastructure solutions for the
decentralized web. Alongside its contributions to significant ecosystems such
as Ethereum, Polkadot, Filecoin, Mina, and more, ChainSafe creates solutions
for developers and teams across the web3 space utilizing our expertise in
[gaming](http://gaming.chainsafe.io/),
[bridging](https://chainbridge.chainsafe.io/), NFTs, and [decentralized
storage.](http://storage.chainsafe.io/) As part of the mission to build
innovative products for users and better tooling for developers, ChainSafe
embodies an open-source and community-oriented ethos.

To learn more about ChainSafe, look at our
[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/xSAwrnCWcg),
[GitHub](https://github.com/chainsafe), and
[website](https://chainsafe.io/projects).

**Here’s what you need to know before reading on:**

  * Our progressive tech stack includes Go, Rust, and TypeScript
  * We spearhead ecosystem projects like [Lodestar](https://github.com/ChainSafe/lodestar), [Web3.js](https://github.com/ChainSafe/web3.js), [Forest](https://github.com/ChainSafe/forest), [Mina-rs](https://github.com/ChainSafe/mina-rs), and [Gossamer](https://github.com/ChainSafe/gossamer)
  * We are global, remote-friendly, and open to contractors

At ChainSafe, you’ll be part of a team that believes in the community's vital
importance and contributes to advancing humanity with open-source and
decentralized technology.

**Tell us who you are:**

**We welcome your fresh perspectives and ideas.**

A link to your GitHub or portfolio is the best way for us to see your work,
but we invite you to write us a letter, tell us more about who you are, and
share what you care about. If there’s an opportunity we think aligns with who
you are, we’ll reach out to set up a conversation.

At ChainSafe, diversity and inclusion is more than a statement; equality and
accessibility are guiding principles embedded in who we are - and why we do
what we do. Our leadership is committed to continuously improving their own
level of education to make the fairest and inclusive hiring and performance
decisions from an informed perspective. We recognize the benefits of a diverse
team and aspire to embed respect for all people into our culture, values, and
day-to-day practices..

**Why Join ChainSafe**

Founded by developers for developers, ChainSafe is a remote-first company with
an international team. We continue to provide opportunities for personal and
professional growth, value autonomy and responsibility, have a results-driven
environment, and offer flexible work hours.

We care deeply about [our values](https://chainsafe.io/corevalues) and look
for these attributes in every new team member. In addition, we recognize the
benefits of cultivating a diverse team and aspire to embed respect for all
people into our culture. We encourage women, the LGBTQIA+ community, people of
color, and members of any other group underrepresented in the blockchain space
(or tech in general) to apply.

**How to Apply** Please fill out the Greenhouse application form below and
ensure that you attach your resume and link your Github/Gitlab profile or any
software project you have contributed to (if applicable).

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Research Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Community Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/community), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Web3 Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Rust Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/rust), [Discord Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/discord), [Typescript Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/typescript), [Polkadot Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/polkadot), [Ethereum Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/ethereum), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

