## Job Description

 **About Pantera Capital** As the first U.S. Bitcoin investment firm, Pantera
Capital is the leading blockchain investment firm and one of the largest
institutional owners of cryptocurrencies. Our mission is to act as the
catalyst for widespread blockchain adoption and innovation. Pantera currently
manages $500mm in capital in seven funds in three product groups – passive,
hedge, and venture.Pantera is seeking a Venture / Platform research Intern to
help conduct journal-quality research and analysis supporting our 100+
portfolio companies across the blockchain industry. The ideal candidate will
be able to pick up new skills quickly, operate under ambiguity and with
unstructured data, and work cross-functionally to drive outcomes for the team.
Depending on experience, qualification, and interest, there may be
opportunities to work on other projects at the firm, in addition to the
responsibilities described below.

### Responsibilities

    * Develop resources for portfolio companies to aid in incentive design, data analysis, fundraising, business development, and operations.
    * Build out content focused on portfolio companies, including social and long-form content, including publication-level economic and social science research.
    * Opportunities to interface with portfolio company teams and learn about the operating side of venture capital
While some projects will be scoped out in advance, the Intern will have an
opportunity to develop her/his own projects and collaborate with the team on
new ideas.

### Sample Projects

    * Reviewing, as well as conducting, research in economics and quantitative social science targeted toward helping portfolio companies design, create, and manage their projects.
    * Researching products / tools / services to expand our curated resource database for portfolio companies
    * Analyzing and characterizing strategic interactions among stakeholders and participants relevant to a portfolio company
    * Scraping, cleaning, and analyzing data as part of hypothesis-driven research to inform decision-making

### Qualifications

    * Strong academic background at a highly ranked undergraduate or MBA program
    * Exceptional analytical thinking and communications skills
    * Genuine curiosity about blockchain/cryptocurrency technologies
    * Must be a self-starter who is curiosity driven and capable of conducting research semi-independently
    * Attention to detail and accuracy
    * Excellent project management and multi-tasking skills
    * Bonus: Interest in/aptitude for conducting publishable research in applied social science

$35 - $60 an hourThe salary range for this position is 35 to $60 per hour.
**Dates of Internship** The program will run between May 27 and Sep 4, with a
minimum commitment of 6 weeks. We will determine each person’s individual
start and end date depending on schedules. Please let us know your specific
availabilities, so we can adjust the schedule to accommodate.

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Research Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Content Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Internship Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/internship), [Operations Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/operations), [Business Development Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/business-development), [Entry Level Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/entry-level), [Data Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

