## Job Description

 **COMPANY**

At [0x Labs](https://0x.org/), our
[mission](https://blog.0x.org/the-0x-mission-and-values/) is to create a
tokenized world where all value can flow freely. We’re a mission-driven and
diverse team composed of world class talent from Coinbase, Google, Meta,
Bitso, Citi, Spotify and other top companies. We are a remote-first and fully
distributed company, with team members located across all of the continents
besides Antarctica. As early pioneers in the space, we’ve made significant
technical contributions to various Ethereum standards over the years; _fun
fact - our team helped establish the NFT token standard (ERC721)._

In joining us, you'll take part in transforming the way that value is
exchanged on a global scale. We're passionate about open-source software and
decentralized technology's potential to act as an equalizing force in the
world, and our technology is deployed by a wide array of projects at the
forefront of internet and economic advancement.

Founded in 2017, 0x Labs created and now partakes in the development of 0x
protocol: the open-source, global backbone for decentralized exchange.
Alongside the core protocol, we also build and maintain products and service
offerings including [Matcha](https://matcha.xyz/), the search engine for
tokens, and [0x API](https://docs.0x.org/0x-api-swap/introduction), the
endpoint for multi-chain aggregated liquidity. All of these offerings allow 0x
Labs to continue marching towards our vision of building a tokenized world
where all value can flow freely at the best prices and with the lowest
transaction costs. This way, we can help businesses eliminate the complexity
of accessing decentralized markets across all layers of the Web3 exchange
stack and have more time to focus on what matters most: their product.

0x currently supports 8 major blockchains: Ethereum, Polygon, Fantom,
Avalanche, Arbitrum, Optimism, BNB Chain, and Celo, and the 0x ecosystem [has
been rapidly expanding](https://blog.0x.org/0x-ecosystem-update-20/). With
integrations across all of the top wallets and apps, including MetaMask,
Coinbase Wallet and Coinbase NFT, Polygon Wallet, Brave, Matcha, dYdX, Zapper,
Zerion, and Shapeshift, 0x is fast becoming the trusted standard for all
decentralized exchange.

We’re a remote-first company with core contributors in nearly ten countries
and over twice as many cities. Our headquarters is in San Francisco, with an
office available for anyone on the team to use at any time. We’ll consider
your application regardless of where you call home.

**YOUR ROLE AS AN ENGINEER AT 0X** You'll help ensure our suite of products
remains as performant and reliable as possible, automate a variety of critical
engineering tasks, and ensure a world-class, streamlined internal developer
experience. You'll take a data-driven approach to optimization; your
inclination should be to profile and benchmark existing systems, honing in on
the highest impact improvements that should be undertaken. You care deeply
about the reliability of your solutions and the productivity gains created for
the rest of the engineering team. This role is deeply important to the success
of 0x as a whole, and it comes with a high degree of ownership. You'll have
broad freedom to take any appropriate steps toward improving our
infrastructure. We build on a quickly evolving modern stack, and we welcome
well-reasoned, forward-thinking technology and architectural suggestions.

**RESPONSIBILITIES**

  * Help ensure uptime and reliability across 0x’s suite of products and services
  * Take ownership over our monitoring stack (Prometheus and Grafana)
  * Automate a variety of engineering-related tasks and processes
  * Manage and upgrade our Kubernetes infrastructure without downtime
  * Assist in developing a robust real-time data streaming platform to be used for a variety of tasks related to data science, product development, and streamlining internal developer experience
  * Improve internal build systems and manage/optimize CI/CD

**REQUIREMENTS**

  * Bachelor’s or equivalent
  * Strong technical background and 5+ years of professional engineering experience
  * Experience with Typescript/Go/Python/ Rust
  * Experience with containerization and managing Kubernetes clusters
  * Experience maintaining and scaling cloud infrastructure (AWS experience preferred)
  * Experience with Infrastructure as Code (Terraform preferred)
  * Sound knowledge of networking and Linux internals
  * Passion for the benefits of decentralization and the [0x mission](https://blog.0xproject.com/the-0x-mission-and-values-181a58706f9f)
  * Exhibit our [core values](https://blog.0xproject.com/the-0x-mission-and-values-181a58706f9f): do the right thing, consistently ship, and create enduring value.

**PREFERRED**

  * Experience with Apacha Kafka or other event streaming platforms
  * Advanced knowledge of modern DevOps practices (e.g., GitOps, CI/CD pipelines)
  * Experience interacting with Ethereum nodes
  * Experience with peer-to-peer networking technologies

**BENEFITS**

  * The base salary range for this position is $95,000 - $230,000 + equity + ZRX tokens + benefits. Within the range, individual pay is determined by job-related skills, experience, location, business needs, and candidate preferences between the different compensation elements.

Benefits include:

    * Comprehensive insurance (medical/dental/vision/life/disability) — 100% covered for you and dependents
    * 401k, HSA, and FSA for U.S.-based employees
    * Monthly stipends for wifi, wellness, and pre-tax transportation expense
    * Covered mental health benefits (included professional therapy sessions)
    * Flexible hours, liberal work-from-home policy, and a supportive remote environment
    * Lunch reimbursement for all employees across the globe!
    * Stipend for your ideal remote / WFH set-up: laptop, headphones, and any other work gear you may need
    * 12-week paid parental leave
    * Great office conveniently located in Soma/East Cut, SF
    * Unlimited vacation: Take time when you need it (and we really mean it)
    * Multiple annual in-person team meet-ups around the globe

Benefits are country-specific and may vary.

0x Labs and its associated entities (0x) are dedicated to fostering diversity,
inclusion, and belonging in its teams and workforce, and are proud to be equal
opportunity employers. 0x does not make employment or hiring decisions on the
basis of race, color, creed, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender
expression or identity, age, disability, veteran status, marital status,
pregnancy, citizenship, national origin, or any other basis that is protected
by applicable local, state, or federal laws. 0x will also consider qualified
applicants with arrest and conviction records in a way that is consistent with
San Francisco’s Fair Chance Ordinance and similar local laws.

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Devops Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/devops), [Developer Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Polygon Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/polygon), [Avalanche Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/avalanche), [Exchange Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/exchange), [Web3 Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Rust Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/rust), [Python Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/python), [Senior Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior), [Typescript Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/typescript), [NFT Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/nft), [Data Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Bnb Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/bnb), [Fantom Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/fantom), [Ethereum Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/ethereum), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

