## Job Description

 **Galaxy Interactive:**

Galaxy Interactive, a division of Galaxy Digital, is a stage-agnostic venture
investor focused on companies pioneering meaningful experiences at the
intersection of our digital and physical lives, operating at the intersection
of content, finance, and technology. Led by General Partners Sam Englebardt
and Richard Kim, Galaxy Interactive has been amongst the most active videogame
and blockchain investors in the world since its inception in 2018, with over
$650 million in AUM across its two funds and investments in more than 100
companies.

**Who You Are:**

We are looking for an experienced, dynamic Executive Assistant to provide
holistic administrative, logistical, and strategic support our 3 General
Partners as they execute against franchise strategic and growth priorities
including but not limited to investments, portfolio, and ecosystem.

Responsibilities include managing calendars, liaising with vendors and
business partners, helping to manage the flow of information across franchise
stakeholders, and streamlining contracts, expense reports, and other back-
office tasks. To be successful in this role, you should be well-organized and
process-oriented, have excellent time management skills, and be able to act
with good judgment in collaboration with an array of internal and external
stakeholders. The ideal candidate is excited about contributing to the team’s
success by solving problems, being collaborative, and demonstrating
intellectual curiosity.

**What You’ll Do:**

  * Act as the point of logistical contact for the General Partners among executives, employees, clients, and other internal and external partners
  * Help manage information flow in a timely and accurate manner, screen and direct emails, phone calls, and other ongoing threads of communication
  * Help maintain General Partners’ calendars and set up meetings and associated logistics; make travel and accommodation arrangements in support of franchise priorities
  * Manage portfolio of external vendors and procurements; maintaining relationships with key vendors as needed and keeping track of associated contracts
  * Track third party costs and contracts, following up internally with legal for contract review/signature; process expense reports
  * Make and/or support client engagement arrangements (events, dinners, conferences, etc.)
  * Assist in supporting tactical and strategic initiatives alongside internal and external stakeholders including but not limited to Galaxy Interactive deal team, business development team, marketing, chief of staff, etc.

**What We’re Looking For:**

  * 3+ years of administrative experience
  * Bachelor’s Degree
  * Extensive MS Office, Google Suite, and PPT knowledge
  * Excellent organizational and time management skills
  * Excellent verbal and written communication skills

**Bonus Points:**

  * Strong appreciation of marketing and marketing analytics; associated experience
  * Material event coordination and/or management experience in various mediums
  * Familiarity with Cryptocurrency

**What We Offer:**

  * Competitive compensation
  * Hybrid/Flexible Working Arrangements
  * Flexible Time Off (paid)
  * 3% 401(k) company contribution
  * Company-paid health insurance for employees, partners, and other dependents
  * Generous paid Parental Leave
  * Opportunities to learn about the Crypto industry
  * Free daily snacks and weekly lunches
  * Smart, entrepreneurial, and fun colleagues
  * Annual charitable giving match
  * Employee Resource Groups
  * Free virtual coaching and counseling sessions through Ginger

*Benefits may vary based on location

Apply now and join us on our mission to engineer a new economic paradigm.

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Marketing Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/marketing), [Legal Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/legal), [Content Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Business Development Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/business-development), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Compliance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/compliance), [Executive Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/executive), [Finance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

