## Job Description

We are looking for a talented and motivated cryptography engineer with
experience in Zero-Knowledge Proofs technology to join our team at O(1) Labs.
We are building on the first cryptocurrency protocol with a succinct
blockchain, Mina Protocol. This is a chance to join a small, collaborative
team and have a ton of independence while working on fascinating problems that
span software engineering, systems design, cryptography, and computing. We
also offer competitive compensation both in salary and equity as well as top-
of-the-market benefits.

### **The Role**

You will be helping us to shape the future of our core zero knowledge
protocols, improving the existing proving schemes we have, and suggesting
innovative approaches to tackle performance bottlenecks.

The role includes:

  * Implementing, optimizing, and reviewing code for Kimchi (our zero-knowledge proof system), Pickles (our recursion protocol), and cryptographic circuits.
  * Writing technical specs for design and use of the crypto protocols.
  * Writing high quality, performing, and well documented OCaml and Rust code.
  * Clear communication and articulation of abstract ideas.
  * Collaboration with the team of crypto engineers in a remote environment on a daily basis.
  * Proposing new meaningful approaches based on novel cryptography research available in academia.
  * Training new team members in zero-knowledge technology.
  * Speaking in some ZK conferences around the world.
  * Attending team offsites around the globe.

There is no need to have prior experience in blockchain or cryptocurrency,
however **experience in zkp-systems and OCaml are required**.

It is a bonus if you have experience with Plonk or recursive zk-proofs.
However, experience in zero knowledge proof-systems and OCaml are the only
hard requirements; we're more interested in learning about your individual
background!

### **About Us**

O(1) Labs is the team that incubated, launched and contributes to Mina
Protocol, a Layer 1 blockchain that compresses the blockchain from hundreds of
gigabytes down to the size of a few tweets and can scale to millions of users
while remaining decentralized enough for cell phones to be fully verifying
nodes. Using the power of Mina and zk technology we are at the forefront of
building a privacy centered Web 3.0.

With this work we are driving the potential to reimagine social structures. We
believe in and are dedicated to incorporating diverse perspectives from
conception through realization.

The US base salary range for this full-time position is $218k to $260k +
equity + benefits. Our salary ranges are determined by role and level. The
range displayed on each job posting reflects the minimum and maximum target
for new hire salaries for the position for remote roles. Within the range,
individual pay is determined by role, level, and additional factors, including
job-related skills and experience. Your recruiter can share more about the
specific salary range during the hiring process.

If you'd be interested in talking further, please get in touch by sending an
email with your resume and the subject "ZK Cryptography Engineer" to [[email
protected]](/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

We are committed to building a diverse, inclusive company. People of color,
LGBTQ individuals, women, and people with disabilities are strongly encouraged
to apply.

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Research Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Rust Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/rust), [Recruiter Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/recruiter), [Zk Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/zk).

