## Job Description

 **Salary Range:** $100k - $200k (Salary + equity) _NOTE: Actual total
compensation offer will vary based on applicant location / cost of living,
skillsets, and level of relevant experience_ **About the company:** **Time
zones:** Eastern (UTC -05:00) and Central European UTC (+1:00)Tessera provides
ownership of the world’s most sought after NFTs! Working at Tessera, you will
be building on the cutting edge of art, finance, and blockchain technology to
help shape the future of digital collecting experiences. You will get to work,
learn and grow with an experienced team supported by incredible partnerships
and committed investments from developers, collectors, investors, and thought
leaders deeply passionate about the decentralization ecosystem. You can read
more from our medium posts here: <https://medium.com/tessera>**About the
role:** We are looking for an exceptional backend engineer to join our team.
They will work closely with our CTO to help architect, build, and maintain the
foundational infrastructure and platform for our engineering team to unleash
their capabilities and efficiency in anticipation of future growth and
frequent production-ready releases as-well as help our data team with
designing database architecture, data structures, pipelines, ETL processes and
some backend software development as we build our foundation for rapid growth,
future data science initiatives, and continued innovation in this exciting
space! Experience with blockchain, NFTs, and DeFi is preferred. **Our Evolving
Tech Stack** Front End: HTML, CSS, JS, [Vue.js](http://Vue.js), ReactBack End:
Redis, MySQL, [Node.js](http://Node.js), PythonInfrastructure: AWS (S3, SQS,
Lambda, EC2, Fargate)Automated testing: CypressWeb3: Solidity /
EthereumIntegrations: Various APIs, browser-based crypto wallets (e.g.,
MetaMask) etc.

### What to expect

    * Make a HUGE impact helping to bring ideas to reality
    * Learn highly valuable, and complex concepts related to art, finance, and technology in a full-time job in an industry growing exponentially, on a team with some of the leading Web3 thought leaders
    * Become a core member of a very passionate team in a friendly environment
    * Work within a dynamic team, who challenges the status quo and champions agile working plus continuous improvement

### What we’re looking for

    * 3 or more years of relevant software experience in a data or backend-focused role 
    * Minimum 3 years working with cloud-based workloads (AWS, GCP, or Azure) 
    * Minimum 3 years of professional experience in software development
    * Strong experience with two or more of the following languages: Python, SQL, Javascript, Bash, Scala
    * Minimum 3 years of professional experience in supporting and building CI/CD technologies 
    * Strong understanding of containerization (Docker, Kubernetes etc.) 
    * Strong experience with IaC (Terraform) 
    * Experience designing data structures, database schemas and ETL pipelines from scratch 
    * Experience with querying and interacting with EVM & non-EVM Based blockchains 
    * Understanding of low-level idiosyncrasies of popular blockchains including Ethereum, Solana
    * Strong attention to detail
    * Proficiency in the English language, both written and verbal, sufficient for success in a remote and largely asynchronous work environment
    * Experience with scalable cloud-based solutions
    * A pro-active and autonomous team player, self-starter with the ability to anticipate future needs
    * Capable of prioritizing multiple project and meeting goals without management oversight
    * Experience in communicating with users, other technical teams, and product management to understand requirements, describe data priorities and challenges, and technical design needs

### Bonus points for

    * BS/MS in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or a related engineering field 
    * DevSecOps experience
    * Previous experience in a rapidly scaling start-up environment
    * Experience with workflow systems such as Apache Airflow
    * Professional work experience using real-time streaming systems (Kafka/Kafka Connect, Spark, Flink or AWS Kinesis)
    * Previous experience building Analytics/BI systems from scratch
    * Previous experience building large-scale data architectures
    * Previous experience in BI or Data Science

### What we're offering

    * Competitive salary (and equity) in an exciting space driving disruptive innovation
    * The opportunity to play a key voice in our growing organization
    * A remote work environment with competitive benefits and holidays
    * 7 additional company holidays, including all-company week-long winter break
    * Medical, Dental, and Vision Insurance for US-based employees
    * Agile working environment with flexible working hours and location, career advancement, and competitive compensation package
    * Optional offsite social events to help our employees become familiar with each other and our culture
    * Applicants for employment in the US must have work authorization that does not now or in the future require sponsorship of a visa for employment authorization in the United States

If you’re convinced you are the right fit and you can’t wait to join our team,
we look forward to hearing from you! Once you've applied, please be patient :)
it may take us up to 2-3 weeks to get back to you! **Don’t meet every single
requirement?** Studies have shown that women and people of color are less
likely to apply to jobs unless they meet every single qualification. At
Tessera we are dedicated to building a diverse, inclusive and authentic
workplace, so if you’re excited about this role but your past experience
doesn’t align perfectly with every qualification in the job description, we
encourage you to apply anyways. You may be just the right candidate for this
or other roles.

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Devops Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/devops), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Developer Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Web3 Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Evm Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/evm), [Vue Js Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/vue-js), [Python Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/python), [Senior Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior), [Solana Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/solana), [Javascript Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/javascript), [DeFi Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/defi), [NFT Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/nft), [Finance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Frontend Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/frontend), [Data Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Solidity Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/solidity), [Ethereum Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/ethereum).

