## Job Description

 **Company Summary**

AZA Finance is an established provider of currency trading and cross-border
payment solutions which accelerate global access to frontier markets through
an innovative infrastructure. By leveraging cutting edge technology in our
flagship products, AZA is able to significantly lower the cost and increase
the speed of business payments to, from and across frontier markets.Our API
product provides both wholesale currency purchase and retail settlement via
our robust API while our Web-Based platform is our B2B over-the-counter
product that caters to businesses with wholesale currency needs, especially
those paying partners and suppliers.Our partners utilise our hybrid financial
infrastructure and deep local knowledge to manage liquidity and send payments
to dozens of bank networks, mobile money operators and payments aggregators
across Africa. Licensed by the UK’s FCA and the Bank of Spain, AZA is a
market-maker in every major African currency. AZA was founded in 2013 and now
has offices in Nairobi, Lagos, London, Luxembourg, Madrid, Kampala and Dakar.

 **Job Summary**

The Finance Associate will support the Finance team which is based inBallito
in managing financial records and reports for the legal entities within the
Group. He/she will be based in Ballito and report to the Finance Controller.

  * 3 years in a financial ecosystem or fin-tech.
  * Bachelor’s degree in Commerce -Finance or Accounting Option or any other related course and CPAK holder.
  * Big 4 experience is an advantage, but not required.
  * Good Advanced MS Excel skills.
  * Self-starter and independent.
  * Good problem-solving skills.
  * Results driven and attention to details.
  * Good interpersonal and communication skills.
  * Ability to perform under pressure

**How your skills and passion will come to life at AZA:** **1\. Reporting**

  * Preparation of monthly reports P&L and balance sheet - both individual and consolidated.
  * Assist in expense policy enforcement, check and reconciliation.
  * Assist with preparation of Budget reports.
  * Maintaining accounts payables and receivables.
  * Maintaining prepayments and accruals schedules.
  * Inter-company postings and reconciliations.

**2\. Audits and Tax Management**

  * Liaise with auditors and manage external audits of the subsidiaries.
  * Ensuring compliance with Tax requirements in the countries we are incorporated, VAT, WHT, Income Tax, corporate income tax and any other regulatory responsibility.
  * Assist with Transfer Pricing preparation and implementation.
  * Assist with preparation and adherence of Regulatory rules and requirements.

**3\. Treasury Reconciliation**

  * Oversee bank reconciliations for all entities.
  * Oversee MTO reconciliations for all entities.
  * Oversee SL reconciliation for all entities.
  * Margin report preparation.
  * Client transactions mapping and reconciliation in the treasury system

  * Great career development opportunities in a fast growing Fintech Company
  * Ownership: All team members are empowered to bring ideas and make a difference in a dynamic and casual work environment 
  * A competitive salary at every stage of your growth
  * Workplace pension contributions 
  * 24 days statutory paid annual leave in addition to local public holidays, plus an extra day for birthdays. Including 4 days for Christmas/New Year break
  * Company funded private medical insurance: dental, medical, and optical services coverage based on your jurisdiction
  * 2x-3x Group life insurance based on your jurisdiction
  * Performance bonus & Equity Incentives Plan
  * Growth: Access to a personal growth budget (FTEs/PERM Only)
  * Mentor & Buddy Program
  * Complimentary breakfast, snacks & drinks
  * Team Building and Happy Hours Events
  * employee mental health support
  * A One-Time Work from Home Allowance 
  * Employee Referral Program

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Non Tech Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/non-tech), [Trading Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/trading), [Legal Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/legal), [Compliance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/compliance), [Finance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Accounting Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/accounting), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

