## Job Description

ETHGlobal is helping grow the most valuable developer community in web3. We're
a small team of individual owners focused on outcomes. We work closely with
some of the best teams in the ecosystem: The Ethereum Foundation, Protocol
Labs, Uniswap, Polygon, Aave + Lens, and hundreds more to create exceptional
events, design curated educational content, and surface the best opportunities
to the 10s of thousands of members of the ETHGlobal community.As the usage of
blockchain technology grows, the world is going to need more talented
engineers, designers, and product leaders to build the future that blockchain
technology is promising. We work with exactly these kinds of people every
single day through the products we organize for our community. By focusing on
this community, we think we can accelerate the transition to enabling more
open, decentralized, and fundamentally ground-breaking systems.If you’re
curious about web3 & crypto you can have a major impact on how fellow
developers learn and grow in this industry! You would be a successful
candidate if you are self-motivated, have a sense of urgency, like getting
things done, and are committed to learning more about engineering and the
exciting world of web3.

### What you’ll do

    *  **Help Scale Web3**. ETHGlobal works with hundreds of protocols and companies in the web3 ecosystem helping ensure healthy communities and exciting new products are being built on top 
    * **Create Partnerships.** You'll play a central role in chasing new leads, negotiating, helping existing relationships flourish, and providing opportunities on a bespoke partner-to-partner basis
    *  **Form Relationships.** Relationships are the backbone of all we do on the Business Development side. Whether at in-person or online events, educational content, or other products we offer, you'll be the central point of contact to support our partners' success
    *  **Be a voice for our community and products.** The partnerships team plays a unique role in bridging both of ETHGlobal's key external groups: our community of developers and our partners. As a result, you'll have a unique and important voice in advocating for the success of both parties and ensuring our products are aligned to do the same
    *  **Work with the entire ETHGlobal team.** We can't do it all — the partnerships team members are masters of working across our organization to deliver the best possible outcomes for partners. Whether that's a perfectly timed social announcement or guiding the engineering team to squash a pesky bug, you'll know the company inside and out

### What kind of person we're looking for

    *  **You are a relationship facilitator.** Friends come easy to you and partnerships even easier. You always do what is best for your client and go the extra mile to make sure they're happy.
    *  **You have an ownership mentality.** When you take on a task, you get it done. You proactively troubleshoot problems blocking your path, and the problems blocking the paths of others.
    *  **You know how to tell a story.** Whether it's in a negotiation, a pitch, or a clarifying email, you never lose track of the narrative you’re trying to tell and who your audience is.
    *  **You’re analytical.** You look for ways to improve the status quo based on how things are changing around you and adapt quickly to new trends with new ideas and possibilities for the organization.
    *  **You’re a self-motivated learner.** You take initiative to learn the unknown & share new understanding for yourself and your peers
    *  **You're in a position to travel**. You'll be representing ETHGlobal at various hackathons and event across the world ([ethglobal.com/events)](http://ethglobal.com/events\)) and are able to meet our partners in-person to help ensure the best experience

### You would excel in this role if you

    * Have experience in a Business Development, Partnerships, or Community role.
    * Have a passion and intrinsic interest in crypto and technology
    * Have experience selling products to companies
    * Have experience planning events (the bigger the better)
    * Have a network in crypto 
    * Have a technical background 
    * Have experience attending and participating in hackathons
    * Have excellent communication skills
    * You're excited about difficult challenges and getting things done from start to finish
    * You thrive on feedback from your peers and are constantly looking to improve
    * Want to join a fast-paced, early-stage organization, where you can have a direct impact on the organization’s objectives building products which are used by people from 80+ countries

### Perks & Benefits

    * Competitive salary with option to be paid in cryptocurrency
    * Work remotely in an experienced remote-first company with flexible vacation time
    * Generous stipends for home office, meals, and self-care allowances
    * Comprehensive health insurance for you and your dependents (vision, dental, etc.)
    * Option to travel globally to ETHGlobal hackathons and Ethereum conferences

At ETHGlobal, we're looking for people with passion, grit, and integrity.
You're encouraged to apply even if your experience does not precisely match
the job description. Your skills and passion will stand out — and set you
apart — especially if your career has taken some extraordinary twists and
turns.

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Community Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/community), [Content Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Business Development Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/business-development), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Polygon Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/polygon), [Web3 Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Ethereum Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/ethereum), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

