## Job Description

 **We're making the world of digital assets accessible and secure for
everyone. Join the mission.** Founded in 2014, Ledger is the global platform
for digital assets and Web3. Over 20% of the world’s crypto assets are secured
through our Ledger Nanos. Headquartered in Paris and Vierzon, with offices in
UK, US, Switzerland and Singapore, Ledger has a team of more than 900
professionals developing a variety of products and services to enable
individuals and companies to securely buy, store, swap, grow and manage crypto
assets – including the Ledger hardware wallets line with more than 6 millions
units already sold in 200 countries. At Ledger, we embody the values that make
us unique: Pragmatism, Audacity, Commitment, Trust and Transparency. Hear from
our employees how they shape the work we do
[here](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Pzpxkb0_iFQ). This role is part of the
Product Marketing team within the Global Communications team, which is
responsible for Ledger’s consumer communication, defining our consumer
strategy, articulating it through product marketing, brand experience, and
education, and delivering it across different media and channels. The role
reports into the Product Marketing Manager for Transactional Services, and
works globally and cross-functionally to help the emerging millions of users
join Web3 and use our transactional services into Ledger Live.

### Your mission

    * Support product marketing strategy & campaigns for transactional services available in Ledger Live: work on Go-To-Market plans, write content briefs for different promotional tools (emails, banners, website, content, …)
    * Help to implement and follow up on campaigns and product launches with the different expert teams at Ledger (social, design, media, content, growth, CRM, globalization...) as well as external partners (coin foundations, crypto & NFTs Apps/services,...)
    * Understand and learn about the environment: competition and market analysis & monitoring (brand, positioning, tone of voice, campaigns, contents, products) through social media, press reviews, news, websites… to help better position Ledger products & Brand on the market.
    * Monitor campaigns and activations performance reports (revenues, traffic, awareness…) with the objective to optimize campaigns and bring recommendations for future actions. 
    * Assist the Product Marketing team on the creation of strategic presentations and campaigns preparations to support their forthcoming activities.

### What we're looking for

    * Preparing a Diploma in a top-tier Business or Communication school
    * Relevant experience in digital marketing, CRM, market analysis and content creation 
    * Strong interest in cryptocurrencies and a good understanding of the ecosystem
    * Fluency in English
    * Someone who is user-centric approach minded 
    * Outstanding communication and presentation skills
    * Strong organizational facilities and straightforward thinking
    * Ease of adaptation and flexibility in a hyper dynamic exciting environment

### What's in it for you?

    *  **Flexibility** : A hybrid work policy
    *  **Social** : Frequent social events, snacks and drinks
    *  **High tech** : Access to high performance office equipment and gadgets, including Apple products
    *  **Lunch vouchers** with Swile
    *  **Transport** : Ledger reimburses part of your preferred means of transportation

We are an equal opportunity employer for all without any distinction of
gender, ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, social status, disability or
age.#LI-AS #LI-Hybrid

Listed in: [Crypto Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Marketing Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/marketing), [Content Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/content), [Internship Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/internship), [Web3 Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Social Media Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/social-media), [Entry Level Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/entry-level), [Manager Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/manager).

