## Job Description

 **About Coinshift** Coinshift is a leading non-custodial treasury management
platform built on top of Gnosis safe. It provides a smart and sophisticated
user experience layer to manage treasury ops in an efficient manner.Our
mission is to build the most sophisticated multi-chain crypto treasury
management platform for DAOs & companies.We are currently a hyper-growth
business targeting an immediate $100+ billion market with a very ambitious
vision and roadmap. We manage billions of dollars in assets currently, and
strongly believe it’s still day 1 for Coinshift. We are backed by the best-in-
class VC investors globally. We are and want to be run as a technology
company, not a financial service provider, and we build our culture around
core values of ambition, collaboration, entrepreneurship, transparency, and
meritocracy.Since launching the MVP in June 2021, we’ve seen crazy traction
from having nearly $150M+ in processed payments to having a billion dollars in
assets under management. We now serve thousands of users across three
continents and over 10 different countries. And we’re just getting started.The
development of Coinshift v2 is underway and we are currently looking for a
full-time backend engineer with strong skills in backend and web3
technologies. **What will you achieve:** -You'll work with the core team to
build new product features from start to finish: through conception, research,
implementation, and maintenance.-You'll participate in backend architecture
decisions and guide team members in technical knowledge with best
practices.-You'll implement state of the art multi-chain web3 user experiences
and actively learn about the latest developments in web3. **What skills do you
bring:** **-Experienced leader:** You have worked at product based companies
for more than 6 years including more than 2 years in web3 organisations, have
participated in architecture design and deployment pipeline. You have worked
with backend teams where you lead the team to achieve fast iterations and high
code quality. **-Familiarity with backend technologies:** You're well versed
with AWS technologies, Javascript, [Node.js](http://Node.js), MySQL.
**-Familiarity with web3 technologies:** You're well versed with
web3js/ethersjs and understand ethereum blockchain and it’s tool stack, such
as Metamask **-Thoughtful problem-solving:** You have the ability to break
down a problem until you get a clear and accurate understanding of the
context. **-Navigating ambiguity in design:** You can translate high level
designs into production-ready systems. Given clear requirements, you are
comfortable making judgments and tradeoffs in the user experience on your own.
**-Put users first:** You think critically about the implications of what
you're building, and how it impacts real people's lives. **-Empathetic
communication:** You communicate ideas clearly in plain english. In
disagreements, you listen to other perspectives and compromise when needed.
**-Team player:** You enjoy collaborating cross-functionally to accomplish
shared goals, and you care about learning, growing, and helping others to do
the same. **Nice to Haves:** -You're proficient with technologies that are
part of our stack, including Express, Datadog.-You participate in open source
projects and web3 hackathons, or write about web3 technology.-You have
experience in backend integration testing and in debugging performance
issues.We are committed to fostering diversity and inclusiveness within our
organization, and we strongly encourage candidates of all backgrounds to
apply, even if they don’t match all the above criteria.If you are hired, you
will have the option of fiat/USDC payments made monthlyWe look forward to your
application!

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Research Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/research), [Full Time Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time), [Developer Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Web3 Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/web3), [Dao Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/dao), [Senior Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior), [Javascript Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/javascript), [Ethereum Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/ethereum).

