## Job Description

 **About Collaborative Finance (CoFi)**

We are leveraging the state-of-the-art tooling provided by Cosmos to build out
our vision of

Our CoFi team consists of world leaders in liquidity-saving payment solutions
for real businesses and the underlying science that makes this liquidity-
saving possible. We are looking for a Product lead to work closely with this
team on defining the product roadmap and go-to-market strategy to bring this
deeply transformative technology to market and realize the potential of the
CoFi vision iteratively through delightful products that impact the lives of
real business owners.

**About the Role** Our CoFi team consists of world leaders in liquidity-saving
payment solutions for real businesses and the underlying science that makes
this liquidity-saving possible. We are looking for a Product lead to work
closely with this team on defining the product roadmap and go-to-market
strategy to bring this deeply transformative technology to market and realize
the potential of the CoFi vision iteratively through delightful products that
impact the lives of real business owners.

**What your primary responsibilities will be:**

  * Play an active role in defining and executing product vision and go-to-market strategy
  * Work directly with current and potential customers to understand their needs and prioritize development accordingly
  * Contribute to product design, development, testing, integration, distribution
  * Build strong relationships with integration partners and distribution channels to get our products into hands of businesses 
  * Serve as a liaison between development and the final marketed product
  * Work closely with the executive team to support development and growth of CoFi at Informal Systems

**What we look for in a successful Product Lead:**

  * Minimum of 5 years experience as a Product Manager or Product Owner ideally in a fintech role (e.g. payments, accounting, invoicing, lending, banking etc.). This is not a junior position so experience is a must-have.
  * Deep familiarity with existing payments and invoices services and technologies
  * Understanding of and experience with supply chain financing, accounts payable/receivable, and working capital management
  * Good understanding of blockchain and its potential applications
  * Outstanding English communication and listening skills
  * Excellent presentation and organizational skills
  * Ability to successfully lead a deeply technical team
  * Ability to navigate long-term research objectives with short-term product market objectives
  * Creative thinker with experience defining strategic vision and practical execution for bringing transformative products to market

**Some of our benefits include:**

  * A unique, caring and friendly culture (learn more about how we work [here](https://informalsystems.github.io/workflow/index.html))
  * 25 days (5 weeks) of paid vacation annually, plus 3 Spiritual Days
  * Company closure from December 25th to January 1
  * Annual Lifestyle benefits (reimbursements for gym memberships, fitness equipment, etc)
  * A remote-first, flexible work environment
  * A home-office stipend to set you up for success
  * Annual company retreats
  * Paid parental leave
  * ….. and many more!

**To Apply:**

Please apply via this
[link](https://informalsystems.applytojob.com/apply/FlBvsVwgtQ/Product-Lead-
Collaborative-Finance) where you’ll be prompted to upload a cover letter, CV,
and other information that will help the review process go smoothly. We are an
equal opportunity employer and value diversity in our organization. We are
committed to equal employment opportunities and encourage applications from
people of all race, religion, color, national origin, gender identity, sexual
orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status.

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

