## Job Description

 **About us:** Founded in 2013, GSR is a leading market-making and
programmatic trading company in the exciting and fast-evolving world of
cryptocurrency trading with more than 250 employees in 5 countries. We provide
billions of dollars of liquidity to cryptocurrency protocols and exchanges on
a daily basis. We build long-term relationships with cryptocurrency
communities and traditional investors by offering exceptional service,
expertise and trading capabilities tailored to their specific needs.GSR works
with token issuers, traders, investors, miners, and more than 30
cryptocurrency exchanges around the world. In volatile markets we are a
trusted partner to crypto native builders and to those exploring the industry
for the first time. Our team of veteran finance and technology executives from
Goldman Sachs, Two Sigma, and Citadel, among others, has developed one of the
world’s most robust trading platforms designed to navigate issues unique to
the digital asset markets. We have continuously improved our technology
throughout our history, allowing for our clients to scale and execute their
strategies with the highest level of efficiency.Working at GSR is an
opportunity to be deeply embedded in every major sector of the cryptocurrency
ecosystem. **About the role:** Our U.S. Legal and Compliance team is seeking
an experienced compliance officer to lead GSR’s crypto money transmission
licensing program and regulatory reporting function. In this role you will be
responsible for maintaining our licensing platform and coordinating with the
external supervision and examination of GSR’ program. This person will also
lead the fulfillment of regulatory reporting obligations at the state and
federal levels, including creating new processes for NMLS and swap data
reporting as required and assist in core compliance matters. You should have
experience managing a money transmission licensing program, familiarity with
derivatives, enjoy problem solving, and be self-motivated with enthusiasm to
be very hands on. This role requires strong communication skills and the
ability to train others, monitor regulatory developments and comfort providing
regular updates to senior management.You will be based in the NY metropolitan
area with the ability to travel as required.

### Requirements

    * You will be a disciplined self-starter with a high degree of motivation, analytical rigour and attention to detail, with a passion for communication and critical thinking. 
    * 4+ years working in compliance or a relevant function in the financial services, crypto or payments industry 
    * 2+ years experience using the NMLS licensing platform for the application of and maintenance of state licensing
    * Experience in submitting applications or renewals at both federal and state level
    * Solid understanding of federal and state laws and regulations, especially in relation to cryptocurrency or payments products Understanding of the Crypto ecosystem is a plus

$125,000 - $200,000 a yearThis is the identified salary range based on
benchmarking data sourced from within the industry. **What we offer:** A
collaborative and transparent company culture founded on Integrity, Innovation
and Performance. Competitive Salary with two discretionary bonus payments a
year. Benefits include Healthcare, Dental, Vision, Retirement Planning, 30
days holiday and free lunches when in the office. Hybrid working pattern in
all of our offices from London, New York, Singapore, Zug and Malaga.Regular
Town Halls and off-sites, team lunches and drinks. Comprehensive Corporate and
Social Responsibility programs including matching charity fundraising and
volunteer days. GSR is proudly an Equal Employment Opportunity employer. We do
not discriminate based upon any applicable legally protected characteristics
such as race, religion, colour, country of origin, sexual orientation, gender,
gender identity, gender expression or age. We operate a meritocracy, all
aspects of people engagement from the decision to hire or promote as well as
our performance management process will be based on the business needs and
individual merit, competence in the role. Learn more about us at
[www.gsr.io](http://www.gsr.io).

Listed in: [Web3 Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Non Tech Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/non-tech), [Trading Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/trading), [Legal Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/legal), [Compliance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/compliance), [Senior Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/senior), [Finance Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Data Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data), [Full Time Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/full-time).

