## Job Description

CoinGecko is a global leader in tracking cryptocurrency data. Operating since
2014, CoinGecko has built the world's largest cryptocurrency data platform,
tracking over 10,000 tokens across more than 400 exchanges, serving over 300
million page views in more than 100 countries. We are proud to have played a
major part in mainstream awareness, adoption, and education of cryptocurrency
globally.We at CoinGecko believe that cryptocurrency and blockchain will
define the future of finance, bringing greater financial and economic freedom
around the world. In anticipation of that future, CoinGecko is building the
foundation to scale cryptocurrency market data to serve billions. **What
you'll be doing** : **• Software QA:** Support execution of QA activities
based on software specifications to ensure that our software products are of
the highest quality. Assist to scale software products to make cryptocurrency
data accessible to everyone across the globe at scale on web and mobile
applications. **• Release Testing :** Perform different testing strategies
including regression and functional testing on all software products.
Participate in sprint delivery and developing test plans in release cycles.
Perform user-acceptance tests to ensure that code is error-free and meets
specifications before deployment. **• Defect resolution:** Able to replicate
defects reported by end users and update cases to facilitate developers. **•
QA maintenance:** Learn and extend existing automation test software codebase
if required to. **• Documentation:** Identify and document defects and issues
in software applications. Perform triaging based on a provided defect
resolution schema. **• Sharpen the Saw:** Stay up-to-date with emerging trends
and technologies in software testing, and participate in Kaizen and knowledge
sharing with the team. **• Team Player:** Work collaboratively with engineers,
product managers, and designers to understand requirements and acceptance
criteria, ship new features, and deliver great and consistent user experiences
across the CoinGecko software products (web, API and app). **•** Support any
ad hoc tasks as required by the company. **What we look for in you** : **•
Education:** You have a Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Software
Engineering or related fields. **• Product Knowledge:** Strong desire and
passion to learn about the blockchain/cryptocurrency industry and the problems
faced by users. **• Software Testing Knowledge:** Knowledge of software
quality assurance methodologies, tools, and processes. Familiarity with
software testing concepts (blackbox, whitebox, greybox testing), including
functional and non-functional testing, test planning, and defect management.
Familiarity with Agile and SCRUM software development lifecycles and
methodologies. **• First principles thinking:** Thinks critically to
understand and assess flow processes and defect risks in complex systems. **•
Organized & Detail-oriented: Strong written skills in documenting technical
and non-technical work to facilitate business operations.** **• People Skills:
Communicate clearly and have experience working with other individuals in a
team towards achieving a common goal.** **• Leadership:** Self-motivated and
able to work independently with minimal supervision after 3 months. Has a
strong sense of self-leadership and is curious & creative on finding ways to
improve existing projects & workflows. **• Scope of Work** : Work primarily on
tightly scoped, routine problems where the key results are clearly defined.
**• Problem Solving:** Passionate about solving problems faced by stakeholders
together with strong user empathy. **• Breadth:** Love delving into new
technologies and ways of doing things. **•** You have keen interest in
cryptocurrency, blockchain, and smart contracts. **•** Nice to have:You've
worked with software automation with Java and Selenium, Postman or Sofy. **•**
Able to commit for a minimum 3 months internship. **Note** :Please take note
that we are only accepting local candidates from Malaysia & Singapore. If you
are interested in a remote position based outside of Malaysia & Singapore, do
take a look at our roles labeled remote. **Some of the perks while at
CoinGecko:** • **RM 1,500** or **SGD 1,000** allowance /month if you are based
in **Malaysia** or **Singapore** respectively.• **Remote Work Flexibility** :
Work wherever you feel most productive.• **Flexible Working Hours** : No 9-5
structure, work the hours you need to get your tasks done.• **Transport
Allowance** : You will be given a monthly fixed allowance to ease the cost of
travelling.• An opportunity to learn about blockchain and cryptocurrencies
from one of the pioneering companies in the industry.CoinGecko is an equal
employment opportunity employer. Qualified candidates are considered for
employment without regard to race, religion, gender, gender identity, sexual
orientation, national origin, age, military or veteran status, disability, or
any other characteristic protected by applicable law. ** _Interested? Hit the
apply button to get started on your application!_**

Listed in: [Cryptocurrency Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com), [Remote Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/remote), [Internship Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/internship), [Operations Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/operations), [Developer Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/developer), [Engineering Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/engineering), [Entry Level Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/entry-level), [Quality Assurance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/quality-assurance), [Finance Crypto
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/finance), [Data Web3
Jobs](https://cryptojobslist.com/data).

